Growing apart doesn't change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled. I'm glad for that.-Ally Condie,
Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.-J.K. Rowling
I woke up thinking a very pleasant thought. There is lots left in the world to read.-Nicholson Baker,
When I discover who I am, I’ll be free.-Ralph Ellison,
Words are pale shadows of forgotten names. As names have power, words have power. Words can light fires in the minds of men. Words can wring tears from the hardest hearts.-Patrick Rothfuss,
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.-Bill  Nye
You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from.-Cormac McCarthy,
You will lose someone you can’t live without,and your heart will be badly broken, and the bad news is that you never completely get over the loss of your beloved. But this is also the good news. They live forever in your broken heart that doesn’t seal back up. And you come through. It’s like having a broken leg that never heals perfectly—that still hurts when the weather gets cold, but you learn to dance with the limp.-Anne Lamott
If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot.-Stephen King
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get-W.P. Kinsella
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.-Leo Tolstoy,
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.-Roy T. Bennett,
What and how much had I lost by trying to do only what was expected of me instead of what I myself had wished to do?-Ralph Ellison,
Knock, And He'll open the door-Jalal Ad-Din Rumi
I love you like a fat kid loves cake!-Scott Adams
To say goodbye is to die a little.-Raymond Chandler,
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.-Mark Twain,
Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.-Christopher Paolini,
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
And when her lips met mine, I knew that I could live to be a hundred and visit every country in the world, but nothing would ever compare to that single moment when I first kissed the girl of my dreams and knew that my love would last forever.-Nicholas Sparks,
Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. On the outside, babies, you've got a hundred years here. There's only one rule that I know of, babies-"God damn it, you've got to be kind.-Kurt Vonnegut
I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn.-Anne Frank
If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.-George Bernard Shaw
The best moments in reading are when you come across something – a thought, a feeling, a way of looking at things – which you had thought special and particular to you. Now here it is, set down by someone else, a person you have never met, someone even who is long dead. And it is as if a hand has come out and taken yours.-Alan Bennett,
Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy, he thought. For the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistable urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex. Yippee.-J.R. Ward,
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.-Emily Dickinson
Maybe...you'll fall in love with me all over again."-Ernest Hemingway,
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.-Marcus Aurelius,
You must make a decision that you are going to move on. It wont happen automatically. You will have to rise up and say, ‘I don’t care how hard this is, I don’t care how disappointed I am, I’m not going to let this get the best of me. I’m moving on with my life.-Joel Osteen,
