There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.-W. Somerset Maugham
And when at last you find someone to whom you feel you can pour out your soul, you stop in shock at the words you utter— they are so rusty, so ugly, so meaningless and feeble from being kept in the small cramped dark inside you so long.-Sylvia Plath,
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think-Socrates
The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.-Marjorie Pay Hinckley
Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can't figure out what from.-Mae West
Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.-Nicholas Sparks,
I could not tell you if I loved you the first moment I saw you, or if it was the second or third or fourth. But I remember the first moment I looked at you walking toward me and realized that somehow the rest of the world seemed to vanish when I was with you.-Cassandra Clare,
Love is a temporary madness, it erupts like volcanoes and then subsides. And when it subsides, you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots have so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. Because this is what love is. Love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion, it is not the desire to mate every second minute of the day, it is not lying awake at night imagining that he is kissing every cranny of your body. No, don't blush, I am telling you some truths. That is just being "in love", which any fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident.-Shawn Slovo,
So many things are possible just as long as you don't know they're impossible.-Norton Juster,
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.-John A. Shedd
You cannot pick and choose what parts of her to love.-Sarah J. Maas,
Cowards die many times before their deaths;-William Shakespeare,
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.-Lao Tzu
And I thought about how many people have loved those songs. And how many people got through a lot of bad times because of those songs. And how many people enjoyed good times with those songs. And how much those songs really mean. I think it would be great to have written one of those songs. I bet if I wrote one of them, I would be very proud. I hope the people who wrote those songs are happy. I hope they feel it's enough. I really do because they've made me happy. And I'm only one person.-Stephen Chbosky,
Books should go where they will be most appreciated, and not sit unread, gathering dust on a forgotten shelf, don't you agree?-Christopher Paolini
To be, or not to be: that is the question:-William Shakespeare,
Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.-Franz Kafka
I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound or stab us. If the book we're reading doesn't wake us up with a blow to the head, what are we reading for? So that it will make us happy, as you write? Good Lord, we would be happy precisely if we had no books, and the kind of books that make us happy are the kind we could write ourselves if we had to. But we need books that affect us like a disaster, that grieve us deeply, like the death of someone we loved more than ourselves, like being banished into forests far from everyone, like a suicide. A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us. That is my belief.-Franz Kafka
If I got rid of my demons, I’d lose my angels.-Tennessee Williams,
No woman really wants a man to carry her off; she only wants him to want to do it.-Elizabeth Peters
You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved.-Stewart O'Nan,
Crying is all right in its way while it lasts. But you have to stop sooner or later, and then you still have to decide what to do.-C.S. Lewis,
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does, and that is his.-Oscar Wilde,
I realize now that dying is easy. Living is hard.-Gayle Forman,
There is no exquisite beauty… without some strangeness in the proportion.-Edgar Allan Poe
In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman.-Margaret Thatcher
I'm not young enough to know everything.-J.M. Barrie,
If you are a dreamer come in-Shel Silverstein
Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect.-Rob Reiner
Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.-Milan Kundera,
