Stop fighting me!" he said, trying to pull on the arm he held.-Richelle Mead,
What is that feeling when you're driving away from people and they recede on the plain till you see their specks dispersing? - it's the too-huge world vaulting us, and it's good-bye. But we lean forward to the next crazy venture beneath the skies.-Jack Kerouac,
Oh, we're playing nice now? Shall we have tea first? Brew up a nice pot of kiss-my-ass?-Julie Kagawa,
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.-Robert Frost
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.-Confucius
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view.-Edward Abbey
Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!-Mark A. Cooper,
To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balanced-Elizabeth Gilbert,
Passion makes a person stop eating, sleeping, working, feeling at peace. A lot of people are frightened because, when it appears, it demolishes all the old things it finds in its path.-Paulo Coelho,
You're something between a dream and a miracle.-Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Ideally, what should be said to every child, repeatedly, throughout his or her school life is something like this: 'You are in the process of being indoctrinated. We have not yet evolved a system of education that is not a system of indoctrination. We are sorry, but it is the best we can do. What you are being taught here is an amalgam of current prejudice and the choices of this particular culture. The slightest look at history will show how impermanent these must be. You are being taught by people who have been able to accommodate themselves to a regime of thought laid down by their predecessors. It is a self-perpetuating system. Those of you who are more robust and individual than others will be encouraged to leave and find ways of educating yourself — educating your own judgements. Those that stay must remember, always, and all the time, that they are being moulded and patterned to fit into the narrow and particular needs of this particular society.-Doris Lessing,
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike.-Oscar Wilde,
Crows remember human faces. They remember the people who feed them, who are kind to them. And the people who wrong them too. They don’t forget. They tell each other who to look after and who to watch out for.-Leigh Bardugo,
The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.-Napoleon Hill,
We do not remember days, we remember moments.-Jennifer Niven,
And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already happened.-Douglas Coupland,
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.-Marcus Aurelius,
When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.-John Green,
I am not an angel,' I asserted; 'and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself. Mr. Rochester, you must neither expect nor exact anything celestial of me - for you will not get it, any more than I shall get it of you: which I do not at all anticipate.-Charlotte Brontë,
I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.-Jonathan Safran Foer
You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows that they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.-Erin Morgenstern,
You - you alone will have the stars as no one else has them...In one of the stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing. And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night...You - only you - will have stars that can laugh.-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.-Zora Neale Hurston
Never leave a friend behind. Friends are all we have to get us through this life--and they are the only things from this world that we could hope to see in the next.-Dean Koontz,
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things..-Henry David Thoreau,
Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.-Roy T. Bennett,
Life is like a prism. What you see depends on how you turn the glass.-Jonathan Kellerman
You have everything needed for the extravagant journey that is your life.-Carlos Castaneda
I am going to take this bucket of water and pour it on the flames of hell, and then I am going to use this torch to burn down the gates of paradise so that people will not love God for want of heaven or fear of hell, but because He is God.-John Green,
Seventeen, eh!" said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket-sized glass of wine from Fred.-J.K. Rowling,
