All good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened and after you are finished reading one you will feel that all that happened to you and afterwards it all belongs to you: the good and the bad, the ecstasy, the remorse and sorrow, the people and the places and how the weather was. If you can get so that you can give that to people, then you are a writer.-Ernest Hemingway
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!-Marilyn Monroe
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.-Carl Sagan,
Patience, grasshopper," said Maia. "Good things come to those who wait."-Cassandra Clare,
I love mankind, he said, "but I find to my amazement that the more I love mankind as a whole, the less I love man in particular.-Fyodor Dostoyevsky,
All happiness depends on courage and work.-Honoré de Balzac
This is how you do it: you sit down at the keyboard and you put one word after another until its done. It's that easy, and that hard.-Neil Gaiman
I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.-Fannie Flagg,
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.-Friedrich Nietzsche
make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservation, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty.-Jon Krakauer,
We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real?-Ray Bradbury,
Hope is a waking dream.-Aristotle
The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.-Neil deGrasse Tyson
I think; therefore I am.-Rene Descartes
I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you’ll take me in your arms again.-Nicholas Sparks,
Have you ever asked yourself, do monsters make war, or does war make monsters?-Laini Taylor,
A small but noteworthy note. I've seen so many young men over the years who think they're running at other young men. They are not. They are running at me.-Markus Zusak,
Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.-Anaïs Nin,
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.-Oprah Winfrey
The future is now. It's time to grow up and be strong. Tomorrow may well be too late.-Neil LaBute,
You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.-J.K. Rowling,
A love like that was a serious illness, an illness from which you never entirely recover.-Charles Bukowski,
What is family? They were the people who claimed you. In good, in bad, in parts or in whole, they were the ones who showed up, who stayed in there, regardless. It wasn't just about blood relations or shared chromosomes, but something wider, bigger. We had many families over time. Our family of origin, the family we created, and the groups you moved through while all of this was happening: friends, lovers, sometimes even strangers. None of them perfect, and we couldn't expect them to be. You can't make any one person your world. The trick was to take what each could give you and build your world from it.-Sarah Dessen,
I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.-Bill Watterson
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.-John Lennon
If the real world were a book, it would never find a publisher. Overlong, detailed to the point of distraction-and ultimately, without a major resolution.-Jasper Fforde,
you have to love something before you can hate it.-Nicholas Sparks,
Either you deal with what is the reality, or you can be sure that the reality is going to deal with you.-Alex Haley
Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear. The frequent attempt to conceal mental pain increases the burden: it is easier to say My tooth is aching than to say My heart is broken.-C.S. Lewis,
I will love you as a thief loves a gallery and as a crow loves a murder, as a cloud loves bats and as a range loves braes. I will love you as misfortune loves orphans, as fire loves innocence and as justice loves to sit and watch while everything goes wrong. I will love you as a battlefield loves young men and as peppermints love your allergies, and I will love you as the banana peel loves the shoe of a man who was just struck by a shingle falling off a house. I will love you as a volunteer fire department loves rushing into burning buildings and as burning buildings love to chase them back out, and as a parachute loves to leave a blimp and as a blimp operator loves to chase after it.-Lemony Snicket
