The sad truth is the truth is sad.-Lemony Snicket,
If you want to be happy, be.-Tolstoy Leo
Whenever you think or you believe or you know, you're a lot of other people: but the moment you feel, you're nobody-but-yourself.-e.e. cummings
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the heck she is.-Ellen DeGeneres
Poetry is what happens when nothing else can.-Charles Bukowski
That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty, even if they're not much to look at, or even if they're sort of stupid, you fall in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are. Girls. Jesus Christ. They can drive you crazy. They really can.-J.D. Salinger,
We live as we dream--alone....-Joseph Conrad,
What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms . . . or the memory of a brother's smile? Wind and words. Wind and words. We are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is our great glory, and our great tragedy.-George R.R. Martin,
When we are children we seldom think of the future. This innocence leaves us free to enjoy ourselves as few adults can. The day we fret about the future is the day we leave our childhood behind.-Patrick Rothfuss,
I know some who are constantly drunk on books as other men are drunk on whiskey.-H.L. Mencken
I'm going to keep going until I succeed — or die. Don't think I don't know how this might end. I've known it for years.-J.K. Rowling,
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open.-Rose Wilder Lane
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.-Woody Allen
True friends are always together in spirit.-L.M. Montgomery,
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.-Albert Einstein
Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.-Ken Kesey,
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand-Hayley Williams
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.-Steve Jobs
Don't let the muggles get you down.-J.K. Rowling,
Don't waste your love on somebody, who doesn't value it.-William Shakespeare,
I just want you to know that you’re very special… and the only reason I’m telling you is that I don’t know if anyone else ever has.-Stephen Chbosky,
We are always the same age inside.-Gertrude Stein
I don't want to be married just to be married. I can't think of anything lonelier than spending the rest of my life with someone I can't talk to, or worse, someone I can't be silent with.-Mary Ann Shaffer,
I didn’t go to religion to make me happy. I always knew a bottle of Port would do that. If you want a religion to make you feel really comfortable, I certainly don’t recommend Christianity.-C. S. Lewis
It is easy to forget how full the world is of people, full to bursting, and each of them imaginable and consistently misimagined.-John Green,
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a great deal faster than it does.-Lewis Caroll,
I restore myself when I'm alone.-Marilyn Monroe
This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.-Paulo Coelho,
Listen up - there's no war that will end all wars.-Haruki Murakami,
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
