A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.-Douglas Adams,
People can lose their lives in libraries. They ought to be warned.-Saul Bellow
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens-Jimi Hendrix
You only get one life. It's actually your duty to live it as fully as possible.-Jojo Moyes,
I've been homesick for countries I've never been, and longed to be where I couldn't be.-John Cheever
Science and religion are not at odds. Science is simply too young to understand.-Dan Brown,
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.-Thomas Jefferson
It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.-John Guare,
When everyone knows you’re a monster, you needn’t waste time doing every monstrous thing.-Leigh Bardugo,
Love the life you live.-Bob Marley
You realize that our mistrust of the future makes it hard to give up the past.-Chuck Palahniuk,
The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.-C. JoyBell C.
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.-Will Rogers
Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.-Dan Brown,
Of all the trees we could've hit, we had to get one that hits back.-J.K. Rowling,
Our story has three parts: a beginning, a middle, and an end. And although this is the way all stories unfold, I still can't believe that ours didn't go on forever.-Nicholas Sparks,
Still round the corner there may wait-J.R.R. Tolkien
Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.-Douglas Adams,
being alone never felt right. sometimes it felt good, but it never felt right.-Charles Bukowski,
It's discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.-Noël Coward,
She seems so cool, so focused, so quiet, yet her eyes remain fixed upon the horizon. You think you know all there is to know about her immediately upon meeting her, but everything you think you know is wrong. Passion flows through her like a river of blood.-Neil Gaiman,
And he took her in his arms and kissed her under the sunlit sky, and he cared not that they stood high upon the walls in the sight of many.-J.R.R. Tolkien
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.-Benjamin Franklin,
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.-Leo Tolstoy,
I believe a strong woman may be stronger than a man, particularly if she happens to have love in her heart. I guess a loving woman is indestructible.-John Steinbeck,
Cruelty does not make a person dishonest, the same way bravery does not make a person kind.-Veronica Roth,
I am looking for friends. What does that mean -- tame?"-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us.-Hermann Hesse,
Anyone who falls in love is searching for the missing pieces of themselves. So anyone who's in love gets sad when they think of their lover. It's like stepping back inside a room you have fond memories of, one you haven't seen in a long time.-Murakami, Haruki
I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.-C. JoyBell C.
