Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts.-Margaret Lee Runbeck
My bounty is as boundless as the sea,-William Shakespeare,
silence is the language of god,-Rumi
My library is an archive of longings.-Susan Sontag,
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.-Benjamin Franklin,
Sonnet XVII-Pablo Neruda
I'm saying that I'm a moody, insecure, narrow-minded, jealous, borderline homicidal bitch, and I want you to promise me that you're okay with that, because it's who I am, and you're what I need.-Jeaniene Frost,
You can have it all. Just not all at once.-Oprah Winfrey
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.-Lao Tsu,
A child can teach an adult three things: to be happy for no reason, to always be busy with something, and to know how to demand with all his might that which he desires.-Paulo Coelho
I bet you could sometimes find all the mysteries of the universe in someone's hand.-Benjamin Alire Sáenz,
It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.-Patrick Rothfuss,
Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know.-Eoin Colfer,
Life isn't finding shelter in the storm. It's about learning to dance in the rain.-Sherrilyn Kenyon,
و كلما أمسكت بحالة من حالاتي و قلت هذا هو أنا .. ما تلبث هذه الحالة أن تفلت من أصابعي و تحل محلها حالة أخرى .. هي أنا .. أيضاً..-مصطفى محمود,
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.-Confucious
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness.-George R.R. Martin,
I suppose a fire that burns that bright is not meant to last.-Veronica Roth,
Keep in mind that people change, but the past doesn't.-Becca Fitzpatrick,
A girl should be two things: who and what she wants.-Coco Chanel,
I wish I were a girl again, half-savage and hardy, and free.-Emily Brontë,
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.-Charles Dickens
I will remember the kisses-Charles Bukowski
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.-Eleanor Roosevelt
Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light;-Sarah   Williams,
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.-Mark Twain
We didn't talk about anything heavy or light. We were just there together. And that was enough-Stephen Chbosky,
Books are the carriers of civilization...They are companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of the mind. Books are humanity in print.-Barbara W. Tuchman
Your friend's poetry is terrible," he said.-Cassandra Clare,
You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.-Sarah Dessen,
