The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.-Soren Kierkegaard
A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.-C.S. Lewis,
Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.-Leonardo da Vinci
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.-Roy T. Bennett,
Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper,-Kahlil Gibran
I am a cage, in search of a bird.-Franz Kafka
Holey? You have the the whole world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?-J.K. Rowling,
Out of the corner of her eye she thought she saw Jace shoot her a look of white rage - but when she glanced at him, he looked as he always did: easy, confident, slightly bored.-Cassandra Clare,
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.-H. Jackson Brown Jr.
I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.-Jane Austen,
Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let’s not forget this.-Dave Eggers
Mad Girl's Love Song-Sylvia Plath
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.-Roy T. Bennett,
And on the subject of burning books: I want to congratulate librarians, not famous for their physical strength or their powerful political connections or their great wealth, who, all over this country, have staunchly resisted anti-democratic bullies who have tried to remove certain books from their shelves, and have refused to reveal to thought police the names of persons who have checked out those titles.-Kurt Vonnegut,
That was the thing. You never got used to it, the idea of someone being gone. Just when you think it's reconciled, accepted, someone points it out to you, and it just hits you all over again, that shocking.-Sarah Dessen,
And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good.-John Steinbeck,
You don’t know what goes on in anyone’s life but your own. And when you mess with one part of a person’s life, you’re not messing with just that part. Unfortunately, you can’t be that precise and selective. When you mess with one part of a person’s life, you’re messing with their entire life. Everything. . . affects everything.-Jay Asher,
If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled?-Jodi Picoult,
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.-Kurt Vonnegut,
When someone is crying, of course, the noble thing to do is to comfort them. But if someone is trying to hide their tears, it may also be noble to pretend you do not notice them.-Lemony Snicket,
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.-Virginia Woolf,
Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.-Colleen Hoover,
If you are allergic to a thing, it is best not to put that thing in your mouth, particularly if the thing is cats.-Lemony Snicket,
If you want to really hurt you parents, and you don't have the nerve to be gay, the least you can do is go into the arts. I'm not kidding. The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possible can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.-Kurt Vonnegut,
Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy-Roy T. Bennett,
The Road goes ever on and on-J.R.R. Tolkien,
We are all alone, born alone, die alone, and—in spite of True Romance magazines—we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way. I do not say lonely—at least, not all the time—but essentially, and finally, alone. This is what makes your self-respect so important, and I don't see how you can respect yourself if you must look in the hearts and minds of others for your happiness.-Hunter S. Thompson,
One love, one heart, one destiny.-Robert Marley
Stories may well be lies, but they are good lies that say true things, and which can sometimes pay the rent.-Neil Gaiman
I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimize the casualties, okay?-John Green,
