If no one cares for you at all, do you even really exist?-Cassandra Clare,
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters-Albert Einstein
The thing that makes you exceptional, if you are at all, is inevitably that which must also make you lonely.-Lorraine Hansberry
Marriage can wait, education cannot.-Khaled Hosseini,
There is more than one way to burn a book. And the world is full of people running about with lit matches.-Ray Bradbury
to love life, to love it even-Ellen Bass
I know it's wrong - God, it's all kinds of wrong - but I just want to lie down with you and wake up with you, just once, just once ever in my life.-Cassandra Clare,
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that receives it.-Edith Wharton
The impossible could not have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances.-Agatha Christie,
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.-Henry Thomas Buckle
You will lose what you value most, so treasure it while you can.-Richelle Mead,
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.-George Carlin
Only a generation of readers will spawn a generation of writers.-Steven Spielberg
I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.-Steve Maraboli,
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.-Oscar Wilde
The purpose of a storyteller is not to tell you how to think, but to give you questions to think upon.-Brandon Sanderson,
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.-Pat  Monahan
We sometimes encounter people, even perfect strangers, who begin to interest us at first sight, somehow suddenly, all at once, before a word has been spoken.-Fyodor Dostoyevsky,
Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires.-William Shakespeare,
I write differently from what I speak, I speak differently from what I think, I think differently from the way I ought to think, and so it all proceeds into deepest darkness.-Franz Kafka
If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good.-Dr. Seuss
Laughter is wine for the soul - laughter soft, or loud and deep, tinged through with seriousness - the hilarious declaration made by man that life is worth living.-Sean O'Casey
There must be something in books, something we can’t imagine, to make a woman stay in a burning house; there must be something there. You don’t stay for nothing.-Ray Bradbury,
All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same.-Marilyn Monroe
It is nothing to die. It is frightful not to live.-Victor Hugo,
The water hears and understands. The ice does not forgive.-Leigh Bardugo,
We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us something is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch. Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit.-E.E. Cummings
I am both happy and sad at the same time, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.-Stephen Chbosky,
God does not play dice with the universe; He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players [i.e. everybody], to being involved in an obscure and complex variant of poker in a pitch-dark room, with blank cards, for infinite stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who-Terry Pratchett,
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already.-J.K. Rowling,
