When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.-George R.R. Martin,
I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.-Anne Frank,
Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends.-George Bernard Shaw
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.-Pablo Picasso
You're an idiot."-Cassandra Clare,
Sometimes you read a book so special that you want to carry it around with you for months after you've finished just to stay near it.-Markus Zusak
Tears are words that need to be written.-Paulo Coelho
Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.-Julio Cortázar
If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen.-Conan O'Brien
Have you really read all those books in your room?-John Green,
He needed to tell her...what? That she was lovely and brave and better than anything he deserved. That he was twisted, crooked, wrong, but not so broken that he couldn't pull himself together into some semblance of a man for her. That without meaning to, he'd begun to lean on her, to look for her, to need her near. He needed to thank her for his new hat.-Leigh Bardugo,
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.-Lao Tzu,
I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list.-Susan Sontag
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.-Max Lucado,
We were like gods at the dawning of the world, & our joy was so bright we could see nothing else but the other.-Madeline Miller,
Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here!-J.K. Rowling,
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.-Mahatma Gandhi
There is no place like home.-L. Frank Baum,
What day is it? asked Pooh.-A.A. Milne
Words were different when they lived inside of you.-Benjamin Alire Sáenz,
The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!-Edward J. Stieglitz
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.-Elie Wiesel
و كن من أنتَ حيث تكون-محمود درويش
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what’s for lunch.-Orson Welles
It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.-Ursula K. Le Guin,
In order to rise-Octavia Butler,
Whatever you're meant to do, do it now. The conditions are always impossible.-Doris Lessing
Time was passing like a hand waving from a train I wanted to be on.-jonathan safran foer
I love books, by the way, way more than movies. Movies tell you what to think. A good book lets you choose a few thoughts for yourself. Movies show you the pink house. A good book tells you there's a pink house and lets you paint some of the finishing touches, maybe choose the roof style,park your own car out front. My imagination has always topped anything a movie could come up with. Case in point, those darned Harry Potter movies. That was so not what that part-Veela-chick, Fleur Delacour, looked like.-Karen Marie Moning,
Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters.-Neil Gaiman
