I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.-Robert Louis Stevenson,
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.-Charles Darwin,
We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure. Silence is holy. It draws people together because only those who are comfortable with each other can sit without speaking. This is the great paradox.-Nicholas Sparks,
The past is always tense, the future perfect.-Zadie Smith
Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.-Peter S. Beagle,
What she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.-Stieg Larsson,
There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be...-John Lennon
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together-Marilyn Monroe
To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow - this is a human offering that can border on miraculous.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
Where words leave off, music begins.-Heinrich Heine
It's much easier to not know things sometimes. Things change and friends leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody. I wanted to laugh. Or maybe get mad. Or maybe shrug at how strange everybody was, especially me. I think the idea is that every person has to live for his or her own life and than make the choice to share it with other people. You can't just sit their and put everybody's lives ahead of yours and think that counts as love. You just can't. You have to do things. I'm going to do what I want to do. I'm going to be who I really am. And I'm going to figure out what that is. And we could all sit around and wonder and feel bad about each other and blame a lot of people for what they did or didn't do or what they didn't know. I don't know. I guess there could always be someone to blame. It's just different. Maybe it's good to put things in perspective, but sometimes, I think that the only perspective is to really be there. Because it's okay to feel things. I was really there. And that was enough to make me feel infinite. I feel infinite.-Stephen Chbosky,
The only thing better than imagining Dimitri carrying me in his arms was imagining him shirtless while carrying me in his arms.-Richelle Mead,
In the end-Jack Kornfield,
Do not read as children do to enjoy themselves, or, as the ambitious do to educate themselves. No, read to live.-Gustave Flaubert
Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.-C.G. Jung
To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,-William Shakespeare,
If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh.-P.C. Cast  Kristin Cast
Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.-Mother Teresa
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.-Mother Teresa
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.-J.D. Salinger,
I hope you will have a wonderful year, that you'll dream dangerously and outrageously, that you'll make something that didn't exist before you made it, that you will be loved and that you will be liked, and that you will have people to love and to like in return. And, most importantly (because I think there should be more kindness and more wisdom in the world right now), that you will, when you need to be, be wise, and that you will always be kind.-Neil Gaiman
The earth laughs in flowers.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Words dazzle and deceive because they are mimed by the face. But black words on a white page are the soul laid bare.-Guy de Maupassant
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.-Jean de La Fontaine
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.-Phyllis Diller
Curiouser and curiouser!-Lewis Carroll,
I know we're fucked up, alright? I'm impulsive, and hot tempered, and you get under my skin like no one else. You act like you hate me one minute, and then need me the next. I never get anything right, and I don't deserve you...but I fucking love you, Abby. I love you more than I loved anyone or anything ever. When you're around, I don't need booze, or money, or the fighting, or the one-night stands...-Jamie McGuire,
Did you see that dress? "I saw the dress. "Did you like it? He didn't answer. I took that as a yes. "Am I going to endanger my reputation if I wear it to the dance? When he spoke, I could barely hear him. "You'll endanger the school. I smiled and fell asleep.-Richelle Mead,
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.-Groucho Marx
I don’t trust anybody. Not anybody. And the more that I care about someone, the more sure I am they’re going to get tired of me and take off.-Rainbow Rowell,
