What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.-C. S. Lewis
Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each.-Plato
Nobody gets everything in this life. You decide your priorities and you make your choices. I'd decided long ago that any cake I had would be eaten.-Donald E. Westlake,
Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation."-Charlotte Brontë ,
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.-Roy T. Bennett,
I'm happy. Which often looks like crazy.-David Henry Hwang,
Life is a mirror: if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.-William Makepeace Thackeray
You could say sorry," suggested Harry bluntly.-J.K. Rowling,
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.-George Orwell,
Now that she had nothing to lose, she was free.-Paulo Coelho,
It is not the length of life, but the depth.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it.-Taylor Swift
We dream in our waking moments, and walk in our sleep.-Nathaniel Hawthorne,
The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.-Fyodor Dostoyevsky,
Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
Gus: "It tastes like..."-John Green,
Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.-George R.R. Martin,
There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.-Judith McNaught,
If you stay, I'll do whatever you want. I'll quit the band, go with you to New York. But if you need me to go away, I'll do that, too. I was talking to Liz and she said maybe coming back to your old life would be too painful, that maybe it'd be easier for you to erase us. And that would suck, but I'd do it. I can lose you like that if I don't lose you today. I'll let you go. If you stay.-Gayle Forman,
Some things in life are out of your control. You can make it a party or a tragedy.-Nora Roberts,
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?-Buddha Siddhartha Guatama Shakyamuni
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.-Charles M. Schulz
You believe in a book that has talking animals, wizards, witches, demons, sticks turning into snakes, burning bushes, food falling from the sky, people walking on water, and all sorts of magical, absurd and primitive stories, and you say that we are the ones that need help?-Mark Twain
You live like this, sheltered, in a delicate world, and you believe you are living. Then you read a book… or you take a trip… and you discover that you are not living, that you are hibernating. The symptoms of hibernating are easily detectable: first, restlessness. The second symptom (when hibernating becomes dangerous and might degenerate into death): absence of pleasure. That is all. It appears like an innocuous illness. Monotony, boredom, death. Millions live like this (or die like this) without knowing it. They work in offices. They drive a car. They picnic with their families. They raise children. And then some shock treatment takes place, a person, a book, a song, and it awakens them and saves them from death. Some never awaken.-Anaïs Nin,
Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story.-Daphne du Maurier
She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
The sunlight claps the earth, and the moonbeams kiss the sea: what are all these kissings worth, if thou kiss not me?-Percy Bysshe Shelley
Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly;-Kurt Vonnegut,
I decided it is better to scream. Silence is the real crime against humanity.-Nadezhda Mandelstam,
If there's one thing I've learned, it's this: We all want everything to be okay. We don't even wish so much for fantastic or marvelous or outstanding. We will happily settle for okay, because most of the time, okay is enough.-David Levithan,
