Loyalty to country ALWAYS. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it.-Mark Twain
You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.-Roy T. Bennett,
When he shall die,-William Shakespeare,
My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.-Winston S. Churchill
If music be the food of love, play on;-William Shakespeare,
Wow," Thalia muttered. "Apollo is hot."-Rick Riordan,
I don't want to lose the boy with the bread.-Suzanne Collins,
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.-Marilyn Monroe,
There are too many books I haven’t read, too many places I haven’t seen, too many memories I haven’t kept long enough.-Irwin Shaw
Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.-Anton Chekhov
With freedom, flowers, books, and the moon, who could not be perfectly happy?-Oscar Wilde,
Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.-Kurt Vonnegut,
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.-Stephen King
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.-Louisa May Alcott,
More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.-Roy T. Bennett,
Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy.-F. Scott Fitzgerald
Like most misery, it started with apparent happiness.-Markus Zusak,
In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.-Mortimer J. Adler
You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you-Patrick Ness,
She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it).-Lewis Carroll,
The so-called ‘psychotically depressed’ person who tries to kill herself doesn’t do so out of quote ‘hopelessness’ or any abstract conviction that life’s assets and debits do not square. And surely not because death seems suddenly appealing. The person in whom Its invisible agony reaches a certain unendurable level will kill herself the same way a trapped person will eventually jump from the window of a burning high-rise. Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire’s flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It’s not desiring the fall; it’s terror of the flames. And yet nobody down on the sidewalk, looking up and yelling ‘Don’t!’ and ‘Hang on!’, can understand the jump. Not really. You’d have to have personally been trapped and felt flames to really understand a terror way beyond falling.-David Foster Wallace
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.-Anonymous,
Why do people have to be this lonely? What's the point of it all? Millions of people in this world, all of them yearning, looking to others to satisfy them, yet isolating themselves. Why? Was the earth put here just to nourish human loneliness?-Haruki Murakami,
It's a metaphor, see: You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing.-John Green,
The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream.-Marilyn Monroe
It's just that I don't want to be somebody's crush. If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am. And I don't want them to carry it around inside. I want them to show me, so I can feel it too.-Stephen Chbosky,
The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be.-Douglas Adams,
It's strange because sometimes, I read a book, and I think I am the people in the book.-Stephen Chbosky,
My nightmares are usually about losing you. I'm okay once I realize you're here.-Suzanne Collins,
I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, He will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather He will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?-Mother Teresa
