Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.-Oscar Wilde,
Sleep is good, he said, and books are better.-George R. R. Martin
Don't touch any of my weapons without my permission."-Cassandra Clare,
Where there is love there is life.-Mahatma Gandhi
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.-Plato
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.-Carter Crocker
I have hated words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right.-Markus Zusak,
You can't force love, I realized. It's there or it isn't. If it's not there, you've got to be able to admit it. If it is there, you've got to do whatever it takes to protect the ones you love.-Richelle Mead,
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.-Thomas Szasz
If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together... there is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. But the most important thing is, even if we're apart... I'll always be with you.-Carter Crocker
Doubt thou the stars are fire;-William Shakespeare,
Wicked people never have time for reading. It's one of the reasons for their wickedness.-Lemony Snicket
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.-Roy T. Bennett,
We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect.-Anais Nin
I think you still love me, but we can’t escape the fact that I’m not enough for you. I knew this was going to happen. So I’m not blaming you for falling in love with another woman. I’m not angry, either. I should be, but I’m not. I just feel pain. A lot of pain. I thought I could imagine how much this would hurt, but I was wrong.-Haruki Murakami,
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.-Rick Riordan,
I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had, and no matter what happens to us in the future, everyday we are together is the greatest day of my life. I will always be yours.-Nicholas Sparks,
I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.-Oscar Wilde
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very;' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.-Mark Twain
Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore.-Lady Gaga
Let us find the dam snack bar," Zoe said. "We should eat while we can."-Rick Riordan,
I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.-Marilyn Monroe
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.-Carl Gustav Jung
When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them.-Marilyn Monroe
It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.-Anne Frank,
Death's got an Invisibility Cloak?" Harry interrupted again.-J.K. Rowling,
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?-Ernest Hemingway
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named "Bush", "Dick", and "Colin." Need I say more?-Chris Rock
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.-Albert Einstein
