Only the dead have seen the end of war.-Plato
We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.-Leo Tolstoy,
No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people. Oftentimes, we have no clue. Yet we push it just the same.-Jay Asher,
She leaned down and looked at his lifeless face and Leisel kissed her best friend, Rudy Steiner, soft and true on his lips. He tasted dusty and sweet. He tasted like regret in the shadows of trees and in the glow of the anarchist's suit collection. She kissed him long and soft, and when she pulled herself away, she touched his mouth with her fingers...She did not say goodbye. She was incapable, and after a few more minutes at his side, she was able to tear herself from the ground. It amazes me what humans can do, even when streams are flowing down their faces and they stagger on...-Markus Zusak,
For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.-Eric Roth,
My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.-Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.-Paulo Coelho,
Don't wait for a light to appear at the end of the tunnel, stride down there and light the bloody thing yourself.-Sara Henderson
Do not fall in love with people like me.-Caitlyn Siehl,
For whatever we lose (like a you or a me),-e.e. cummings,
People shouldn't be afraid of their government. Governments should be afraid of their people.-Alan Moore,
The moon is a loyal companion.-Tahereh Mafi,
I desire the things that will destroy me in the end.-Sylvia Plath,
When you spend so long trapped in darkness, Lucien, you find that the darkness begins to stare back.-Sarah J. Maas,
Everyone must leave something behind when he dies, my grandfather said. A child or a book or a painting or a house or a wall built or a pair of shoes made. Or a garden planted. Something your hand touched some way so your soul has somewhere to go when you die, and when people look at that tree or that flower you planted, you're there.-Ray Bradbury,
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.-J.K. Rowling,
I didn’t need you, you idiot. I picked you. And then you picked me back.-John Green,
In a way, it's nice to know that there are Greek gods out there, because you have somebody to blame when things go wrong. For instance, when you're walking away from a bus that's just been attacked by monster hags and blown up by lightning, and it's raining on top of everything else, most people might think that's just really bad luck; when you're a half-blood, you understand that some devine force is really trying to mess up your day.-Rick Riordan,
You possess other people's...bodies."-Becca Fitzpatrick,
I wonder if the snow-Lewis Carroll,
You're alive only once, as far as we know, and what could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it?-Edward Albee
Love is the absence of judgment.-Dalai Lama XIV
But he who dares not grasp the thorn-Anne Bronte
One thing you can't hide - is when you're crippled inside.-John Lennon
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.-Rick Riordan,
I knew, in the silence that followed, that anything could happen here. It might be too late: again, I might have missed my chance. But I would at least know I tried, that I took my heart and extended my hand, whatever the outcome.-Sarah Dessen,
The library is inhabited by spirits that come out of the pages at night.-Isabel Allende
There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.-Kazuo Ishiguro
DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH.-Terry Pratchett,
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.-J. K. Rowling,
