I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.-Arthur C. Clarke
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Jesper knocked his head against the hull and cast his eyes heavenward. Fine. But if Pekka Rollins kills us all, I’m going to get Wylan’s ghost to teach my ghost how to play the flute just so that I can annoy the hell out of your ghost.-Leigh Bardugo,
You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?-Suzanne Collins,
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.-Mark Twain
Grover was sniffing the wind, looking nervous. He fished out his acorns and threw them into the sand, then played his pipes. They rearranged themselves in a pattern that made no sense to me, but Grover looked concerned.-Rick Riordan,
Someday, somewhere - anywhere, unfailingly, you'll find yourself, and that, and only that, can be the happiest or bitterest hour of your life.-Pablo Neruda
‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.-Chico Xavier
I wasn't actually in love, but I felt a sort of tender curiosity.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.-Paulo Coelho
Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book. And then there are books like An Imperial Affliction, which you can't tell people about, books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like betrayal-John Green,
Fall down again, Bella?'-Stephenie Meyer,
Don't feel sorry for yourself. Only assholes do that.-Haruki Murakami,
Oh well... I'd just been thinking, if you had died, you'd have been welcome to share my toilet.-J.K. Rowling,
Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?-Audrey Niffenegger,
He smiled understandingly-much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced--or seemed to face--the whole eternal world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor. It understood you just as far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
You know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. It's not overrated. There's a reason for all those songs.-Sarah Dessen,
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.-Voltaire
Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.-Walter Cronkite
Don't stop there. I suppose there are also, what, vampires and werewolves and zombies?"-Cassandra Clare,
I crave your mouth, your voice, your hair.-Pablo Neruda
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.-Colette
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.-Douglas Adams,
Say 'provoking' again. Your mouth looks provocative when you do.-Becca Fitzpatrick,
The past has no power over the present moment.-Eckhart Tolle
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.-Logan Pearsall Smith
It’s probably not just by chance that I’m alone. It would be very hard for a man to live with me, unless he’s terribly strong. And if he’s stronger than I, I’m the one who can’t live with him. … I’m neither smart nor stupid, but I don’t think I’m a run-of-the-mill person. I’ve been in business without being a businesswoman, I’ve loved without being a woman made only for love. The two men I’ve loved, I think, will remember me, on earth or in heaven, because men always remember a woman who caused them concern and uneasiness. I’ve done my best, in regard to people and to life, without precepts, but with a taste for justice.-Coco Chanel
Look after my heart - I've left it with you.-Stephenie Meyer,
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.-Stephen Hawking
You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?-George Bernard Shaw,
