You know, you could live a thousand lifetimes and not deserve him.-Suzanne Collins,
She was a girl who knew how to be happy even when she was sad. And that’s important—you know-Marilyn Monroe
God created war so that Americans would learn geography.-Mark Twain
Books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal.-John Green,
Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?-Henry Ward Beecherr
We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing.-Charles Bukowski
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.-W.C. Fields
I have a history of making decisions very quickly about men. I have always fallen in love fast and without measuring risks. I have a tendency not only to see the best in everyone, but to assume that everyone is emotionally capable of reaching his highest potential. I have fallen in love more times than I care to count with the highest potential of a man, rather than with the man himself, and I have hung on to the relationship for a long time (sometimes far too long) waiting for the man to ascend to his own greatness. Many times in romance I have been a victim of my own optimism.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you.-Carlos Ruiz Zafón,
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.-Albert Einstein
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.-Aristotle
I cannot live without books.-Thomas Jefferson
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.-Paulo Coelho,
Well, I’m not kissing the mundane," said Jace. "I’d rather stay down here and rot."-Cassandra Clare,
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.-Haruki Murakami,
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.-Roy T. Bennett,
I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once.-C.S. Lewis
For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.-Stephanie Perkins,
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.-Audrey Hepburn
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming. This is a fault. Those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated. For these there is hope. They are the elect to whom beautiful things mean only Beauty. There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.-Oscar Wilde,
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.-Coco Chanel
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.-Oscar Wilde,
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself.-Robert Frost
People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict.-Lemony Snicket,
what matters most is how well you walk through the fire-Charles Bukowski
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.-Roy T. Bennett,
No relationship is perfect, ever. There are always some ways you have to bend, to compromise, to give something up in order to gain something greater...The love we have for each other is bigger than these small differences. And that's the key. It's like a big pie chart, and the love in a relationship has to be the biggest piece. Love can make up for a lot.-Sarah Dessen,
Love is always patient and kind. It is never jealous. Love is never boastful or conceited. It is never rude or selfish. It does not take offense and is not resentful. Love takes no pleasure in other people’s sins, but delights in the truth. It is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope, and to endure whatever comes.-Anonymous,
The unexamined life is not worth living.-Socrates
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.-Roy T. Bennett,
