Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.-Salvador Dali
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.-Pablo Neruda
She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars.-Neil Gaiman,
There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.-Christopher Morley,
One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books.-J.K. Rowling,
The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, "is to learn something. That's the only thing that never fails. You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then — to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learning is the only thing for you. Look what a lot of things there are to learn.-T.H. White,
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.-Laurie Halse Anderson,
If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn.-Ayn Rand,
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities.-Nathaniel Hawthorne,
Do I contradict myself?-Walt Whitman,
Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.-José N. Harris,
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.-Abraham Lincoln
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.-Lao Tzu
A book is really like a lover. It arranges itself in your life in a way that is beautiful.-Maurice Sendak
Some people say, Never let them see you cry. I say, if you’re so mad you could just cry, then cry. It terrifies everyone.-Tina Fey,
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.-Douglas Adams,
I realize only one person will be damaged beyond repair if Peeta dies. Me.-Suzanne Collins,
Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself.-Deborah Reber,
All the secrets of the world are contained in books. Read at your own risk.-Lemony Snicket
I stood still, vision blurring, and in that moment, I heard my heart break. It was a small, clean sound, like the snapping of a flower's stem.-Diana Gabaldon,
That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.-George Carlin
I've got nothing to do today but smile.-Simon and Garfunkel
In life, unlike chess, the game continues after checkmate.-Isaac Asimov
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.-Margaret Mead
I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge. It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom.-Edgar Allan Poe
Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books.-Julian Barnes,
Men are afraid that women will laugh at them. Women are afraid that men will kill them.-Margaret Atwood
It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone.-Marilyn Monroe
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.-Mark Twain
Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another.-Carl Sagan,
