She'd laughed, and if he could have bottled the sound and gotten drunk on it every night, he would have. It terrified him.-Leigh Bardugo,
For me, trees have always been the most penetrating preachers. I revere them when they live in tribes and families, in forests and groves. And even more I revere them when they stand alone. They are like lonely persons. Not like hermits who have stolen away out of some weakness, but like great, solitary men, like Beethoven and Nietzsche. In their highest boughs the world rustles, their roots rest in infinity; but they do not lose themselves there, they struggle with all the force of their lives for one thing only: to fulfil themselves according to their own laws, to build up their own form, to represent themselves. Nothing is holier, nothing is more exemplary than a beautiful, strong tree. When a tree is cut down and reveals its naked death-wound to the sun, one can read its whole history in the luminous, inscribed disk of its trunk: in the rings of its years, its scars, all the struggle, all the suffering, all the sickness, all the happiness and prosperity stand truly written, the narrow years and the luxurious years, the attacks withstood, the storms endured. And every young farmboy knows that the hardest and noblest wood has the narrowest rings, that high on the mountains and in continuing danger the most indestructible, the strongest, the ideal trees grow.-Herman Hesse,
There are no happy endings.-Shel Silverstein,
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?-Abraham Lincoln
What are men to rocks and mountains?-Jane Austen,
Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful.-Mary Shelley,
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.-D.H. Lawrence,
Live to the point of tears.-Albert Camus
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.-C. JoyBell C.
Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there-on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.-Carl Sagan,
When I was a little girl I used to read fairy tales. In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted. In fairy tales the bad guy is very easy to spot. The bad guy is always wearing a black cape so you always know who he is. Then you grow up and you realize that Prince Charming is not as easy to find as you thought. You realize the bad guy is not wearing a black cape and he's not easy to spot; he's really funny, and he makes you laugh, and he has perfect hair.-Taylor Swift
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.-Walt Disney
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.-Corrie Ten Boom,
And the rest is rust and stardust.-Vladimir Nabokov,
Investigation?" Isabelle laughed. "Now we're detectives? Maybe we should all have code names."-Cassandra Clare,
Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind.-Henry James
The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You trade in your sense for an act. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. There can't be any large-scale revolution until there's a personal revolution, on an individual level. It's got to happen inside first.-Jim MORRISON
There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.-Jane Austen,
You never fail until you stop trying.-Albert Einstein
Do you think I'm pretty?-Richelle Mead,
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.-Nicolas Chamfort
There comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but he must take it because conscience tells him it is right.-Martin Luther King Jr.,
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.-Lou Holtz
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.-Roy T. Bennett,
It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment.-Gabriel García Márquez,
Find what you love and let it kill you.-Charles Bukowski
I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long. If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time.-A.A. Milne,
What's this?" he demanded, looking from Clary to his companions, as if they might know what she was doing there.-Cassandra Clare,
You know," Gabriel said, "there was a time I thought we could be friends, Will."-Cassandra Clare,
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.-Friedrich Nietzsche
