Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.-Mark Twain
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.-Oscar Wilde,
I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.-Douglas Adams,
Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.-Benjamin Franklin
We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.-Paulo Coelho
There are good days and hard days for me—even now. Don’t let the hard days win.-Sarah J. Maas,
When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.-Milan Kundera,
Our memory is a more perfect world than the universe: it gives back life to those who no longer exist.-Guy de Maupassant
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.-Marilyn Monroe
Compassion is the basis of morality.-Arthur Schopenhauer
The best fantasy is written in the language of dreams. It is alive as dreams are alive, more real than real ... for a moment at least ... that long magic moment before we wake.-George R.R. Martin
I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end.-Gilda Radner
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.-Marilyn Monroe
You have to know what you stand for, not just what you stand against.-Laurie Halse Anderson,
There is greatness in doing something you hate for the sake of someone you love.-Shmuley Boteach
Remember, remember, this is now, and now, and now. Live it, feel it, cling to it. I want to become acutely aware of all I’ve taken for granted.-Sylvia Plath
I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.-C. S. Lewis
If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself.-George Orwell,
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.-Thomas Merton ,
I want to see you.-Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
When I had nothing to lose, I had everything. When I stopped being who I am, I found myself.-Paulo Coelho,
So when the moon's only partly full, you only feel a little wolfy?"-Cassandra Clare
Then I realize what it is. It's him. Something about him makes me feel like I am about to fall. Or turn to liquid. Or burst into flames.-Veronica Roth,
You think my first instinct is to protect you. Because you're small, or a girl, or a Stiff. But you're wrong."-Veronica Roth,
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair. The beauty of a woman is seen in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. True beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It's the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she shows & the beauty of a woman only grows with passing years.-Audrey Hepburn
Youth can not know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.-J.K. Rowling ,
I say let the world go to hell, but I should always have my tea.-Fyodor Dostoevsky,
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.-Napoleon Bonaparte
In a time of destruction, create something.-Maxine Hong Kingston
