Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love, but that doesn't make you love them any less. Sometimes you love them more.-Nicholas Sparks,
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.-Paulo Coelho,
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.-Oscar Wilde
Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage. Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love.-Rainer Maria Rilke,
We love the things we love for what they are.-Robert Frost
I would die for you. But I won't live for you.-Stephen Chbosky,
If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there-George Harrison
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.-Oscar Wilde,
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.-Ray Bradbury
It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.-Suzanne Collins,
I saw my life branching out before me like the green fig tree in the story. From the tip of every branch, like a fat purple fig, a wonderful future beckoned and winked. One fig was a husband and a happy home and children, and another fig was a famous poet and another fig was a brilliant professor, and another fig was Ee Gee, the amazing editor, and another fig was Europe and Africa and South America, and another fig was Constantin and Socrates and Attila and a pack of other lovers with queer names and offbeat professions, and another fig was an Olympic lady crew champion, and beyond and above these figs were many more figs I couldn't quite make out. I saw myself sitting in the crotch of this fig tree, starving to death, just because I couldn't make up my mind which of the figs I would choose. I wanted each and every one of them, but choosing one meant losing all the rest, and, as I sat there, unable to decide, the figs began to wrinkle and go black, and, one by one, they plopped to the ground at my feet.-Sylvia Plath,
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.-Chuck Palahniuk,
To the people who look at the stars and wish, Rhys."-Sarah J. Maas,
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!-Audrey Hepburn
You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.-John Green
So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.-Paulo Coelho,
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.-Eleanor Roosevelt
[...]the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes Awww!-Jack Kerouac,
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.-Anonymous,
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.-Herbert Bayard Swope
This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.-George V. Higgins,
Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you.-Sarah Dessen,
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer-Douglas Adams
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.-Margaret Mead
Never memorize something that you can look up.-Albert Einstein
Death ends a life, not a relationship.-Mitch Albom,
May your coming year be filled with magic and dreams and good madness. I hope you read some fine books and kiss someone who thinks you're wonderful, and don't forget to make some art -- write or draw or build or sing or live as only you can. And I hope, somewhere in the next year, you surprise yourself.-Neil Gaiman
What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?-John Green,
I carry your heart with me (I carry it in my heart)I am never without it (anywhere-E.E. Cummings
