If you are going through hell, keep going.-Winston S. Churchill
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.-Daphne Rae,
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.-Nelson Mandela
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.-Kahlil Gibran
Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.-Christopher Paolini,
I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room.-Ray Bradbury,
They love their hair because they're not smart enough to love something more interesting.-John Green,
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.-John Lennon
That does it," said Jace. "I'm going to get you a dictionary for Christmas this year."-Cassandra Clare,
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.-Dale Carnegie,
Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everyone I've ever known.-Chuck Palahniuk,
Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.-Marilyn Monroe
But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?-Mark Twain
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.-William Goldman,
There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.-Patrick Rothfuss,
Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.-Terry Pratchett,
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.-William Faulkner
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.-Oscar Wilde,
Don't Just-Roy T. Bennett,
I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.-Mark Twain
Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth.-William Faulkner
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.-Mahatma Gandhi
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.-Anthony G. Oettinger
I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.-Maya Angelou
The difference between the-Mark Twain,
Being crazy isn't enough.-Dr. Seuss
I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me.-Katie McGarry,
It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
What I want is to be needed. What I need is to be indispensable to somebody. Who I need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. Somebody addicted to me. A mutual addiction.-Chuck Palahniuk,
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
