First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you.-Nicholas Klein
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.-Zelda Fitzgerald
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that's what you've given me. That's what I'd hoped to give you forever-Nicholas Sparks
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.-Rumi
Get busy living or get busy dying.-Stephen King,
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naïve or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.-Anaïs Nin
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.-Roy T. Bennett,
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.-Chuck Palahniuk,
It means 'Shadowhunters: Looking Better in Black Than the Widows of our Enemies Since 1234'.-Cassandra Clare,
There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.-John Lennon
Destroying things is much easier than making them.-Suzanne Collins,
When someone shows you who they are believe them the first time.-Maya Angelou
I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am.-Sylvia Plath,
I can believe things that are true and things that aren't true and I can believe things where nobody knows if they're true or not.-Neil Gaiman,
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing-Rumi
Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.-Nicole Krauss,
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.-Chuck Palahniuk,
You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.-Brigham Young
Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear.-Suzanne Collins,
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.-Robert Fulghum,
If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.-E.B. White
If you expect nothing from somebody you are never disappointed.-Sylvia Plath,
We loved with a love that was more than love.-Edgar Allen Poe
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.-Albert Einstein
These woods are lovely, dark and deep,-Robert Frost,
I could recognize him by touch alone, by smell; I would know him blind, by the way his breaths came and his feet struck the earth. I would know him in death, at the end of the world.-Madeline Miller,
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.-Philip K. Dick,
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.-Mark Twain
Tell me, what is it you plan to do-Mary Oliver
Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life.-Stephen King
