Dare to Be-Steve Maraboli,
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.-J.K. Rowling
Let everything happen to you-Rainer Maria Rilke
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.-Roy T. Bennett,
Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.-Rumi
Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop.-Lewis Carroll,
What you must understand about me is that I’m a deeply unhappy person.-John Green,
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.-Elbert Hubbard
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.-Friedrich Nietzsche
It always shocked me when I realized that I wasn’t the only person in the world who thought and felt such strange and awful things.-John Green,
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.-Kalu Ndukwe Kalu
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.-Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley,
Keep Going-Roy T. Bennett,
Perhaps when we find ourselves wanting everything, it is because we are dangerously close to wanting nothing.-sylvia plath
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.-Timothy Leary
Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.-Stephanie Klein,
Life is for the living.-Langston Hughes,
If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember.-Terry Pratchett,
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.-Ernest Hemingway
A brave man acknowledges the strength of others.-Veronica Roth,
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.-Oscar Wilde (attributed to)
Some people have lives; some people have music.-John Green,
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.-Pablo Picasso
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.-Elie Wiesel
I wanted the whole world or nothing.-Charles Bukowski,
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.-Alice Walker
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!-Dr. Seuss
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.-Ernest Hemingway
The scariest moment is always just before you start.-Stephen King,
I will have you without armor, Kaz Brekker. Or I will not have you at all.-Leigh Bardugo,
