Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success.-Oscar Wilde
The future depends on what you do today.-Mahatma Gandhi
Silence, I discover, is something you can actually hear.-Haruki Murakami,
You should write because you love the shape of stories and sentences and the creation of different words on a page. Writing comes from reading, and reading is the finest teacher of how to write.-Annie Proulx
If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.-Leo Tolstoy,
To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better.-Victor Hugo
Every day is a new day. It is better to be lucky. But I would rather be exact. Then when luck comes you are ready.-Ernest Hemingway,
You’re dangerous, he says.-Simone Elkeles,
When will you learn that there isn't a word for everything?-Nicole Krauss,
The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.-Voltaire
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.-Marcus Aurelius,
What a blessing it is to love books as I love them;- to be able to converse with the dead, and to live amidst the unreal!-Thomas Babington Macaulay,
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.-Martin Luther King Jr.
I like people too much or not at all. I've got to go down deep, to fall into people, to really know them.-Sylvia Plath,
And then something invisible snapped insider her, and that which had come together commenced to fall apart.-John Green,
You're the first Shadowhunter I've ever met."-Cassandra Clare,
All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope-Alexandre Dumas,
Alec looked at her and shook his head. "How do you manage never to get mud on your clothes?"-Cassandra Clare,
When someone is in your heart, they're never truly gone. They can come back to you, even at unlikely times.-Mitch Albom,
It's going to be all right, sir," Harry said over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore's silence than he had been by his weakened voice. "We're nearly there ... I can Apparate us both back ... don't worry ..."-J.K. Rowling,
When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.-Pittacus Lore,
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn.-Hal Borland
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire.-Francois Duc de la Rochefoucauld,
Books are no more threatened by Kindle than stairs by elevators.-Stephen Fry
He died not for men, but for each man. If each man had been the only man made, He would have done no less.-C.S. Lewis
The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that it has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now to say that two beings have fallen in love because they have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only.-Victor Hugo,
Open a book this minute and start reading. Don’t move until you’ve reached page fifty. Until you’ve buried your thoughts in print. Cover yourself with words. Wash yourself away. Dissolve.-Carol Shields,
A bit of trash now and then is good for the severest reader. It provides the necessary roughage in the literary diet.-Phyllis McGinley
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character...Would you slow down? Or speed up?-Chuck Palahniuk,
I was dead until you found me, though I breathed. I was sightless, though I could see. And then you came...and I was awakened.-J.R. Ward,
