I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past.-Virginia Woolf
Remain true to yourself, child. If you know your own heart, you will always have one friend who does not lie.-Marion Zimmer Bradley,
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.-Roy T. Bennett
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future.-Deepak Chopra
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.-Socrates
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!-Dr. Seuss,
If you love what you do and are willing to do what it takes, it's within your reach. And it'll be worth every minute you spend alone at night, thinking and thinking about what it is you want to design or build. It'll be worth it, I promise.-Steve Wozniak
I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat.-Rebecca West
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected. Maybe they always have been and will be. Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other. And maybe each time, we've been forced apart for the same reasons. That means that this goodbye is both a goodbye for the past ten thousand years and a prelude to what will come.-Nicholas Sparks,
Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don’t go along with that. The memories I value most, I don’t ever see them fading.-Kazuo Ishiguro,
Give her hell from us, Peeves.-J.K. Rowling,
Sometimes beautiful things come into our lives out of nowhere. We can't always understand them, but we have to trust in them. I know you want to question everything, but sometimes it pays to just have a little faith.-Lauren Kate,
The trouble is not that I am single and likely to stay single, but that I am lonely and likely to stay lonely.-Charlotte Brontë
And I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or think at some point, 'If this isn't nice, I don't know what is.-Kurt Vonnegut Jr.,
The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes.-Nikolai V. Gogol
Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.-P.C. Cast,
I'm sick of just liking people. I wish to God I could meet somebody I could respect.-J.D. Salinger,
I'm going to wake Peeta," I say.-Suzanne Collins,
so I wait for you like a lonely house-Pablo Neruda,
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.-Terry Pratchett
Maybe some people just aren't meant to be in our lives forever. Maybe some people are just passing through. It's like some people just come through our lives to bring us something: a gift, a blessing, a lesson we need to learn. And that's why they're here. You'll have that gift forever.-Danielle Steel,
You are all the colors in one, at full brightness.-Jennifer Niven,
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.-Marcel Proust
I am always saying "Glad to've met you" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though.-J.D. Salinger,
You'd think people had better things to gossip about," said Ginny as she sat on the common room floor, leaning against Harry’s legs and reading the Daily Prophet. "Three Dementor attacks in a week, and all Romilda Vane does is ask me if it’s true you’ve got a Hippogriff tattooed across your chest."-J.K. Rowling,
Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.-Carl Sandburg
Words, I think, are such unpredictable creatures.-Tahereh Mafi,
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,-Edgar Allan Poe,
There are so many ways to be brave in this world. Sometimes bravery involves laying down your life for something bigger than yourself, or for someone else. Sometimes it involves giving up everything you have ever known, or everyone you have ever loved, for the sake of something greater.-Veronica Roth,
A diary with no drawings of me in it? Where are the torrid fantasies? The romance covers?-Cassandra Clare,
