Usually I'm remarkably good natured. Try me on a day that doesn't end in y.-Cassandra Clare
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.-Philip K. Dick,
If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky.-S.E. Hinton
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.-Albert Einstein
When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive.-Paulo Coelho,
There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermione's arms. Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet.-J.K. Rowling,
Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.-Maya Angelou
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.-mahatma gandhi
People, I have discovered, are layers and layers of secrets. You believe you know them, that you understand them, but their motives are always hidden from you, buried in their own hearts. You will never know them, but sometimes you decide to trust them.-Veronica Roth,
To the stars who listen—and the dreams that are answered.-Sarah J. Maas,
When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an outlaw.-Nelson Mandela
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift.-Mary Oliver
The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over.-Nicholas Sparks,
Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.-Clive Barker,
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.-Rumi,
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?-Rumi
I'm quite illiterate, but I read a lot.-J.D. Salinger,
If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph:-kurt vonnegut
One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and, if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words.-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe,
I want-Pablo Neruda,
The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.-J. K. Rowling,
Acts of Kindness:-Roy T. Bennett,
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.-George Orwell
Maybe there's something you're afraid to say, or someone you're afraid to love, or somewhere you're afraid to go. It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt because it matters.-John Green,
I, myself, am made entirely of flaws, stitched together with good intentions.-Augusten Burroughs
Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.-Terry Pratchett,
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.-Bukkyo Dendo Kyokai,
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.-Terry Pratchett
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.-George Carlin
