The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.-Flannery O'Connor
People haven't always been there for me but music always has.-Taylor Swift
Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been.-Mark Twain
What I say is, a town isn’t a town without a bookstore. It may call itself a town, but unless it’s got a bookstore, it knows it’s not foolin’ a soul.-Neil Gaiman,
Don't order any of the faerie food," said Jace, looking at her over the top of his menu. "It tends to make humans a little crazy. One minute you're munching a faerie plum, the next minute you're running naked down Madison Avenue with antlers on your head. Not," he added hastily, "that this has ever happened to me.-Cassandra Clare,
I can feel Peeta press his forehead into my temple and he asks, 'So now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?' I turn into him. 'Put you somewhere you can't get hurt.-Suzanne Collins,
You probably wouldn’t worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.-Olin Miller
Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!-J.R.R. Tolkien
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept.-Bill Watterson
Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left, and laughing feels better right now.-Veronica Roth,
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.-Roy T. Bennett
Fear cuts deeper than swords.-George R.R. Martin,
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.-Albert Einstein
I am haunted by humans.-Markus Zusak,
I have something I need to tell you," he says. I run my fingers along the tendons in his hands and look back at him. "I might be in love with you." He smiles a little. "I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though."-Veronica Roth,
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.-Maya Angelou
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.-Marcel Proust
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.-Jane Austen,
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.-Leo Tolstoy,
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.-Alexander Pope
Angry, and half in love with her, and tremendously sorry, I turned away.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.-Martin Luther King Jr.,
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.-J.M. Barrie,
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.-Muhammad Ali
War is what happens when language fails.-Margaret Atwood
Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer.-Dan Brown,
None but ourselves can free our minds.-Bob Marley
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.-Frank Zappa
The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.-Steve Maraboli,
