Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day.-Markus Zusak,
All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know.-Ernest Hemingway
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.-Niels Bohr
But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin.-Aldous Huxley,
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead;-Sylvia Plath,
I was thinking about the first time I ever saw you," he said, "and how after that I couldn't forget you. I wanted to, but I couldn't stop myself. I forced Hodge to let me be the one who came to find you and bring you back to the Institue. And even back then, in that stupid coffee shop, when I saw you sitting on that couch with Simon, even then that felt wrong to me-- I should have been the one sitting with you. The one who made you laugh like that. I couldn't get rid of that feeling. That it should have been me. And the more I knew you, the more I felt it--it had never been like that for me before. I'd always wanted a girl and then gotten to know her and not wanted her anymore, but with you the feeling just got stronger and stronger until that night when you showed up at Renwick's and I knew.-Cassandra Clare,
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
I never change, I simply become more myself.-Joyce Carol Oates,
If I cannot be better than them, I will become so much worse.-Holly Black,
There is not always a good guy. Nor is there always a bad one. Most people are somewhere in between.-Patrick Ness,
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.-Tom Robbins
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.-Zora Neale Hurston,
Atticus told me to delete the adjectives and I'd have the facts.-Harper Lee,
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.-Charlotte Bronte,
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.-Margaret Fuller
It's not because I want to make out with her."-John Green,
I dream. Sometimes I think that's the only right thing to do.-Haruki Murakami,
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.-Steve Maraboli
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.-Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
People think that intimacy is about sex. But intimacy is about truth. When you realize you can tell someone your truth, when you can show yourself to them, when you stand in front of them bare and their response is 'you're safe with me'- that's intimacy.-Taylor Jenkins Reid,
It doesn't interest me what you do for a living. I want to know what you ache for, and if you dare to dream of meeting your heart's longing.-Oriah Mountain Dreamer
It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.-Albert Einstein
Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it. You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
Is standing by the window muttering about blood something he does all the time?" asked Simon.-Cassandra Clare,
It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.-Nicholas Sparks
The bravest people are the ones who don’t mind looking like cowards.-T.H. White,
If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave.-Mo Willems,
A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.-Oscar Wilde
At some point, you just pull off the Band-Aid, and it hurts, but then it's over and you're relieved.-John Green,
These violent delights have violent ends-William Shakespeare,
