I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes.-Neil Gaiman
Even in half demon hunter clothes, Clary thought, he looked like the kind of boy who'd come over your house to pick you up for a date and be polite to your parents and nice to your pets.-Cassandra Clare,
I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.-Anais Nin
Black holes are where God divided by zero.-Albert Einstein
There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.-Adrienne Rich
Truth only means something when it's hard to admit.-Nicholas Sparks,
It is not the size of the dog in the fight that counts, but the fight in the dog that wins.-Arthur G. Lewis,
When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.-George R.R. Martin,
Male fantasies, male fantasies, is everything run by male fantasies? Up on a pedestal or down on your knees, it's all a male fantasy: that you're strong enough to take what they dish out, or else too weak to do anything about it. Even pretending you aren't catering to male fantasies is a male fantasy: pretending you're unseen, pretending you have a life of your own, that you can wash your feet and comb your hair unconscious of the ever-present watcher peering through the keyhole, peering through the keyhole in your own head, if nowhere else. You are a woman with a man inside watching a woman. You are your own voyeur.-Margaret Atwood,
please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.-Stephen Chbosky,
This was another of our fears: that Life wouldn't turn out to be like Literature.-Julian Barnes,
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.-Sarah Dessen,
Freeing yourself was one thing, claiming ownership of that freed self was another.-Toni Morrison,
I want to be the friend you fall hopelessly in love with. The one you take into your arms and into your bed and into the private world you keep trapped in your head. I want to be that kind of friend. The one who will memorize the things you say as well as the shape of your lips when you say them. I want to know every curve, every freckle, every shiver of your body.-Tahereh Mafi,
Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.-Michelle Hodkin,
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.-John Muir
If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one? Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone?-Jodi Picoult,
When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family.-Jim Butcher
Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.-Roy T. Bennett,
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.-Oscar Wilde
Some people have a way with words, and other people...oh, uh, not have way.-Steve Martin
Open your eyes and see what you can with them before they close forever.-Anthony Doerr,
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.-Maya Angelou
When you laugh, laugh like hell. And when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough.-William Saroyan
My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude.-Warsan Shire
No matter how careful you are, there's going to be the sense you missed something, the collapsed feeling under your skin that you didn't experience it all. There's that fallen heart feeling that you rushed right through the moments where you should've been paying attention.-Chuck Palahniuk,
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.-Sun Tzu,
God, but life is loneliness, despite all the opiates, despite the shrill tinsel gaiety of "parties" with no purpose, despite the false grinning faces we all wear. And when at last you find someone to whom you feel you can pour out your soul, you stop in shock at the words you utter - they are so rusty, so ugly, so meaningless and feeble from being kept in the small cramped dark inside you so long. Yes, there is joy, fulfillment and companionship - but the loneliness of the soul in its appalling self-consciousness is horrible and overpowering.-Sylvia Plath,
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.-Harvey Fierstein
