There is a saying in Tibetan, 'Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength.'-Dalai Lama XIV
There are perhaps many causes worth dying for, but to me, certainly, there are none worth killing for.-Albert Dietrich,
Forgive me, for all the things I did but mostly for the ones that I did not.-Donna Tartt,
Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.-Mahatma Gandhi
To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.-Mahatma Gandhi
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.-George Washington
The mind I love must have wild places.-Katherine Mansfield
It's only those who do nothing that make no mistakes, I suppose.-Joseph Conrad,
We are all born sexual creatures,thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift.-Marilyn Monroe
Reading is like thinking, like praying, like talking to a friend, like expressing your ideas, like listening to other people's ideas, like listening to music, like looking at the view, like taking a walk on the beach.-Roberto Bolaño,
Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!-Maya Angelou
But how could you live and have no story to tell?-Fyodor Dostoevsky,
So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?-Hunter S. Thompson
What's up?" I asked.-Richelle Mead,
Every weirdo in the world is on my wavelength.-Thomas Pynchon
You make me want to live, Rowan. Not survive; not exist. Live.-Sarah J. Maas,
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.-Pablo Picasso,
When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better.-Mae West
The Darkling slumped back in his chair. Fine, he said with a weary shrug. Make me your villain.-Leigh Bardugo,
What's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. To pretend that you don't need love when you do; or you like your work when you know quite well you're capable of better.-Doris Lessing,
Because,' she said, 'when you're scared but you still do it anyway,-Neil Gaiman,
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.-Anais Nin
I hope you find someone you can't live without.I really do. And I hope you never have to know what it's like to have to try and live without them.-Kiera Cass,
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.-Steve Maraboli,
I'm afraid that sometimes you'll play lonely games too. Games you can't win 'cause you'll play against you.-Dr. Seuss
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.-Charles Dickens
History does not always repeat itself. Sometimes it just yells, 'Can't you remember anything I told you?' and lets fly with a club.-John W. Campbell Jr.
Learn the rules, break the rules, make up new rules, break the new rules.-Marvin Bell
People speak sometimes about the "bestial" cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel.-Fyodor Dostoyevsky
If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyone else to be good to me?-Maya Angelou
