You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.-Winston Churchill
The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he'd learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed.-Cassandra Clare,
There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.-Jane Austen,
THE FIRST TEN LIES THEY TELL YOU IN HIGH SCHOOL-Laurie Halse Anderson,
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.-Roy T. Bennett,
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.-Sylvia Plath,
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.-Sarah   Williams
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.-oscar wilde
The wound is the place where the Light enters you.-Rumi
Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.-Frederick Douglass
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right.-Henry Ford
Think before you speak. Read before you think.-Fran Lebowitz,
Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.-Bette Midler
For you, a thousand times over-Khaled Hosseini,
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.-Anne Frank
If you're going to try, go all the way. Otherwise, don't even start. This could mean losing girlfriends, wives, relatives and maybe even your mind. It could mean not eating for three or four days. It could mean freezing on a park bench. It could mean jail. It could mean derision. It could mean mockery--isolation. Isolation is the gift. All the others are a test of your endurance, of how much you really want to do it. And, you'll do it, despite rejection and the worst odds. And it will be better than anything else you can imagine. If you're going to try, go all the way. There is no other feeling like that. You will be alone with the gods, and the nights will flame with fire. You will ride life straight to perfect laughter. It's the only good fight there is.-Charles Bukowski,
Why did you do all this for me?' he asked. 'I don't deserve it. I've never done anything for you.' 'You have been my friend,' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing.-E.B. White,
Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful.-Milan Kundera
Augustus Waters was a self-aggrandizing bastard. But we forgive him. We forgive him not because he had a heart as figuratively good as his literal one sucked, or because he knew more about how to hold a cigarette than any nonsmoker in history, or because he got eighteen years when he should've gotten more.'-John Green,
Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.-Martin Luther King Jr.
I spent my life folded between the pages of books.-Tahereh Mafi,
Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.-George Carlin,
I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.-Mark Twain
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.-Friedrich Nietzsche
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.-Kurt Vonnegut,
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.-Isaac Asimov,
The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.-Abigail Van Buren
If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.-Emily Jane Brontë ,
This above all: to thine own self be true,-William Shakespeare,
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.-Maya Angelou
