Tonight I can write the saddest lines-Pablo Neruda,
Words are easy, like the wind; faithful friends are hard to find.-William Shakespeare,
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is a palace.-Frank McCourt,
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.-Virginia Woolf
Perhaps it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be.-Orson Scott Card,
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.-Søren Kierkegaard
Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge is yourself.-Sarah Dessen
Isabelle drifted over, Jace a pace behind her. She was wearing a long black dress with boots and an even longer cutaway coat of soft green velvet, the color of moss. "I can't believe you did it!" she exclaimed. "How did you get Magnus to let Jace leave?"-Cassandra Clare,
Literature is the most agreeable way of ignoring life.-Fernando Pessoa,
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.-Corrie ten Boom
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.-Albert Einstein
You don't remember what happened. What you remember becomes what happened.-John Green,
All we demanded was our right to twinkle.-Marilyn Monroe
Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.-Robert Bloch
Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.-Charles Dickens,
The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image. If in loving them we do not love what they are, but only their potential likeness to ourselves, then we do not love them: we only love the reflection of ourselves we find in them-Thomas Merton,
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?-Jerry Seinfeld
Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of one’s own self.-Franz Kafka
Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow.-Anita Desai
All great and precious things are lonely.-John Steinbeck,
Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live.-Natalie Babbitt,
Maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through you fingers. So much time you can waste it.-Lauren Oliver,
You need to learn how to select your thoughts just the same way you select your clothes every day. This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind. That's the only thing you should be trying to control.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.-Lucy Maud Montgomery,
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.-Roy T. Bennett,
The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.-Barbara Kingsolver,
There are three types of lies -- lies, damn lies, and statistics.-Benjamin Disraeli
We all bear scars,... Mine just happen to be more visible than most.-Sarah J. Maas,
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.-Roy T. Bennett,
