The question is not what you look at, but what you see.-Henry David Thoreau
Sometimes I wonder if there's something wrong with me. Perhaps I've spent too long in the company of my literary romantic heroes, and consequently my ideals and expectations are far too high.-E.L. James,
I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.-Simone de Beauvoir
One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life.-Khalil Gibran
Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.-Louis L'Amour,
Holding anger is a poison...It eats you from inside...We think that by hating someone we hurt them...But hatred is a curved blade...and the harm we do to others...we also do to ourselves.-Mitch Albom,
Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed.-G.K. Chesterton
Those who have a 'why' to live, can bear with almost any 'how'.-Viktor E. Frankl,
If all the world hated you and believed you wicked, while your own conscience approved of you and absolved you from guilt, you would not be without friends.-Charlotte Brontë,
I know of a cure for everything: salt water...in one way or the other. Sweat, or tears, or the salt sea.-Karen Blixen
Maybe some people are just meant to be in the same story.-Jandy Nelson,
They're certainly entitled to think that, and they're entitled to full respect for their opinions... but before I can live with other folks I've got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.-Harper Lee,
Even-Hafiz
Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new after all.-Abraham Lincoln
An Unbreakable Vow?" said Ron, looking stunned. "Nah, he can’t have.... Are you sure?"-J.K. Rowling,
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.-Albert Camus
Does such a thing as 'the fatal flaw,' that showy dark crack running down the middle of a life, exist outside literature? I used to think it didn't. Now I think it does. And I think that mine is this: a morbid longing for the picturesque at all costs.-Donna Tartt,
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.-George Bernard Shaw
For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.-Neil deGrasse Tyson
Can you surf really well, then?"-Rick Riordan
Maybe our girlfriends are our soulmates and guys are just people to have fun with.-Candace Bushnell,
I sit beside the fire and think-J.R.R. Tolkien
There are three questions every woman should be able to answer yes to before they commit to a man. If you answer no to any of the three questions, run like hell."-Colleen Hoover,
Some walks you have to take alone.-Suzanne Collins,
Always be a poet, even in prose.-Charles Baudelaire
Did you really want to die?"-Tiffanie DeBartolo,
Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest as long as I am living. You said I killed you--haunt me then. The murdered do haunt their murderers. I believe--I know that ghosts have wandered the earth. Be with me always--take any form--drive me mad. Only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! It is unutterable! I cannot live without my life! I cannot live without my soul!-Emily Brontë,
I have nothing to declare except my genius.-Oscar Wilde
At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can.-Frida Kahlo
But I didn't understand then. That I could hurt somebody so badly she would never recover. That a person can, just by living, damage another human being beyond repair.-Haruki Murakami
