When I look at my room, I see a girl who loves books.-John Green,
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?-L.M. Montgomery
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.-May Sarton
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves.-William Shakespeare,
Eleanor was right. She never looked nice. She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something.-Rainbow Rowell,
All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.-J.M. Barrie,
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.-Oscar Wilde
We fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. For me, love like that has only happened once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. I'll never forget a single moment of it.-Nicholas Sparks,
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.-A.A. Milne,
To love. To be loved. To never forget your own insignificance. To never get used to the unspeakable violence and the vulgar disparity of life around you. To seek joy in the saddest places. To pursue beauty to its lair. To never simplify what is complicated or complicate what is simple. To respect strength, never power. Above all, to watch. To try and understand. To never look away. And never, never to forget.-Arundhati Roy,
Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.-Cassandra Clare,
I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal.-Jane Austen,
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.-Aristotle,
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.-Albert Einstein
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.-Billy Sunday,
Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world.-Voltaire
And so the lion fell in love with the lamb…" he murmured. I looked away, hiding my eyes as I thrilled to the word.-Stephenie Meyer,
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not want to sign.-Théophile Gautier
This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
You're a prefect? Oh Ronnie! That's everyone in the family!"-J.K. Rowling,
I DON'T CARE!" Harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. "I'VE HAD ENOUGH, I'VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON'T CARE ANYMORE!"-J.K. Rowling,
For those who believe in God, most of the big questions are answered. But for those of us who can't readily accept the God formula, the big answers don't remain stone-written. We adjust to new conditions and discoveries. We are pliable. Love need not be a command nor faith a dictum. I am my own god. We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our educational system. We are here to drink beer. We are here to kill war. We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.-Charles Bukowski
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.-Oscar Wilde
The planet is fine. The people are fucked.-George Carlin
And I'm suppose to sit by while you date boys and fall in love with someone else, get married...?" His voice tightened. "And meanwhile, I'll die a little bit more every day, watching.-Cassandra Clare,
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,-Dr. Seuss,
There will come a time when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this will have been for naught. Maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever. There was time before organisms experienced consciousness, and there will be time after. And if the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, I encourage you to ignore it. God knows that’s what everyone else does.-John Green,
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.-Marilyn Monroe
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.-Paulo Coelho,
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.-Søren Kierkegaard
