Real loneliness is not necessarily limited to when you are alone.-Charles Bukowski
It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.-J.K. Rowling,
Is it so bad, then, to be misunderstood? Pythagoras was misunderstood, and Socrates, and Jesus, and Luther, and Copernicus, and Galileo, and Newton, and every pure and wise spirit that ever took flesh. To be great is to be misunderstood.-Ralph Waldo Emerson,
You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.-Cassandra Clare,
It is my belief... that the truth is generally preferable to lies.-J.K. Rowling,
The capacity for friendship is God's way of apologizing for our families.-Jay McInerney,
Stuff your eyes with wonder, he said, live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories.-Ray Bradbury,
Sometimes when I'm talking, my words can't keep up with my thoughts. I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so we can think twice.-Bill Watterson
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.-Carl Gustav Jung
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.-John Muir
Ah! There is nothing like staying at home, for real comfort.-Jane Austen
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.-Mark Twain,
There is a sacredness in tears....They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition and of unspeakable love.-Washington Irving
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.-Mark Twain
I'm not going to wear a red dress," she said.-Kristin Cashore,
When he died, all things soft and beautiful and bright would be buried with him.-Madeline Miller,
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.-Lilith Saintcrow,
Much of my life had been devoted to trying not to cry in front of people who loved me, so I knew what Augustus was doing. You clench your teeth. You look up. You tell yourself that if they see you cry, it will hurt them, and you will be nothing but a Sadness in their lives, and you must not become a mere sadness, so you will not cry, and you say all of this to yourself while looking up at the ceiling, and then you swallow even though your throat does not want to close and you look at the person who loves you and smile.-John Green,
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.-Friedrich Nietzsche
But who can say what's best? That's why you need to grab whatever chance you have of happiness where you find it, and not worry about other people too much. My experience tells me that we get no more than two or three such chances in a life time, and if we let them go, we regret it for the rest of our lives.-Haruki Murakami,
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.-Oscar Wilde,
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.-Markus Zusak,
Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.-Bob Marley
A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.-Kurt Vonnegut,
We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly. We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another. The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present. We are made up of layers, cells, constellations.-Anais Nin
From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.-Groucho Marx
We both have war inside us. Sometimes it keeps us alive. Sometimes it threatens to destroy us.-Veronica Roth,
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.-Mother Theresa
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?-Douglas Adams,
The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough of is love.-Henry Miller
