Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.-Terry Pratchett
It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime...-Khaled Hosseini,
That's the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.-Jhumpa Lahiri,
What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.-Gabriel Garcia Marquez
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.-Cicero
You have to die a few times before you can really-Charles Bukowski,
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.-Joseph Brodsky
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.-Ray Bradbury,
I have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends will call it.-Edgar Allan Poe,
Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator.-Lemony Snicket,
People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all. People talk about how great love is, but that’s bullshit. Love hurts. Feelings are disturbing. People are taught that pain is evil and dangerous. How can they deal with love if they’re afraid to feel? Pain is meant to wake us up. People try to hide their pain. But they’re wrong. Pain is something to carry, like a radio. You feel your strength in the experience of pain. It’s all in how you carry it. That’s what matters. Pain is a feeling. Your feelings are a part of you. Your own reality. If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality. You should stand up for your right to feel your pain.-Jim Morrison
Imagine yourself as a living house. God comes in to rebuild that house. At first, perhaps, you can understand what He is doing. He is getting the drains right and stopping the leaks in the roof and so on; you knew that those jobs needed doing and so you are not surprised. But presently He starts knocking the house about in a way that hurts abominably and does not seem to make any sense. What on earth is He up to? The explanation is that He is building quite a different house from the one you thought of - throwing out a new wing here, putting on an extra floor there, running up towers, making courtyards. You thought you were being made into a decent little cottage: but He is building a palace. He intends to come and live in it Himself.-C.S. Lewis,
Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.-Douglas Coupland,
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.-Charles Bukowski
Stupid people are dangerous.-Suzanne Collins,
Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.-Mahatma Gandhi
To douchebags!" he said, gesturing to Brad. "And to girls that break your heart," he bowed his head to me. His eyes lost focus. "And to the absolute fucking horror of losing your best friend because you were stupid enough to fall in love with her.-Jamie McGuire,
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.-Sigmund Freud
I lie to myself all the time. But I never believe me.-S.E. Hinton,
My ambition is handicapped by laziness-Charles Bukowski,
If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.-David Sedaris,
I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.-Oscar Wilde
Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.-Roy T. Bennett
A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE ....-Pamela Redmond Satran
Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.-Candace Bushnell,
Deadlines just aren't real to me until I'm staring one in the face.-Rick Riordan,
What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.-Suzanne Collins,
But I don’t want to go among mad people," Alice remarked.-Lewis Carroll,
Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.-John Green,
Laughter is timeless. Imagination has no age. And dreams are forever.-Walt Disney
