You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes".-Lauren Oliver,
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.-Viktor E. Frankl,
It's not natural for women to fight."-Leigh Bardugo,
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.-Nicholas Sparks
Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn't matter. Explore the world. Nearly everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough.-Richard P. Feynman
Now, you two – this year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl telling me you've – you've blown up a toilet or –"-J.K. Rowling,
If you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun.-Katharine Hepburn
Just because you call an electric eel a rubber duck doesn't make it a rubber duck, does it? And God help the poor bastard who decides they want to take a bath with the duckie. (Jace Wayland)-Cassandra Clare,
Ah, said a voice from the doorway, having your annual ‘everyone thinks Will is a lunatic’ meeting, are you?-Cassandra Clare,
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.-Charles Dickens
Reading is escape, and the opposite of escape; it's a way to make contact with reality after a day of making things up, and it's a way of making contact with someone else's imagination after a day that's all too real.-Nora Ephron
People who claim that they're evil are usually no worse than the rest of us... It's people who claim that they're good, or any way better than the rest of us, that you have to be wary of.-Gregory Maguire,
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.-Oscar Wilde
there are worse things-Charles Bukowski
People are more difficult to work with than machines. And when you break a person, he can't be fixed.-Rick Riordan,
If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy. ... Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.-Bob Marley,
If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company.-Jean-Paul Sartre
Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.-Rumi
Mom. I have something to tell you. I’m undead. Now, I know you may have some preconceived notions about the undead. I know you may not be comfortable with the idea of me being undead. But I’m here to tell you that undead are just like you and me … well, okay. Possibly more like me than you.-Cassandra Clare,
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.-Roy T. Bennett,
If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose-charles bukowski
It isn't possible to love and part. You will wish that it was. You can transmute love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you. I know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal.-E.M. Forster,
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.-JK Rowling,
Maybe who we are isn't so much about what we do, but rather what we're capable of when we least expect it.-Jodi Picoult,
Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.-Pearl S. Buck
This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.-Chuck Palahniuk,
War must be, while we defend our lives against a destroyer who would devour all; but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
You see, cuckoos are parasites. They lay their eggs in other birds' nests. When the egg hatches, the baby cuckoo pushes the other baby birds out of the nest. The poor parent birds work themselves to death trying to find enough food to feed the enormous cuckoo child who has murdered their babies and taken their places."-Cassandra Clare,
Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.-Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra,
