Laters, baby.-E.L. James,
Francois Rabelais. He was a poet. And his last words were "I go to seek a Great Perhaps." That's why I'm going. So I don't have to wait until I die to start seeking a Great Perhaps.-John Green,
Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it.-Jeanette Winterson
You’ve got about as much charm as a dead slug.-Suzanne Collins,
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.-Maya Angelou
You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself.-Marilyn Monroe
And I like large parties. They’re so intimate. At small parties there isn’t any privacy.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.-Donald Miller,
Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild. So you let them go, or when you open the cage to feed them they somehow fly out past you. And the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices, but still, the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure.-Stephen King,
A good library will never be too neat, or too dusty, because somebody will always be in it, taking books off the shelves and staying up late reading them.-Lemony Snicket,
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.-Jimi Hendrix
And so it goes...-Kurt Vonnegut,
How do you feel, Georgie?" whispered Mrs. Weasley.-J.K. Rowling,
أجمل حب هو الذي نعثر عليه أثناء بحثنا عن شيء آخر-أحلام مستغانمي
You’re wishin’ too much, baby. You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone oughtta be.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
Albus Severus," Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, "you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.-J.K. Rowling,
We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.-Richard Dawkins,
The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.-John F. Kennedy
I go to seek a Great Perhaps.-François Rabelais
Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
Learn what is to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest.-Herman Hesse
Believe in Your Heart-Roy T. Bennett,
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.-Voltaire
I don't believe in the kind of magic in my books. But I do believe something very magical can happen when you read a good book.-J.K. Rowling
What Is Love? I have met in the streets a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, the water passed through his shoes and the stars through his soul-Victor Hugo ,
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.-Henry David Thoreau
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams, because every second of the search is a second's encounter with God and with eternity.-Paulo Coelho,
After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world.-Philip Pullman
Don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.-Franz Kafka
He's a wallflower. You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand.-Stephen Chbosky,
