There is only one sin. and that is theft... when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth.-Khaled Hosseini,
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.-Zig Ziglar
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.-Mother Teresa
أحسد الأطفال الرضّع، لأنهم يملكون وحدهم حق الصراخ والقدرة عليه، قبل أن تروض الحياة حبالهم الصوتية، وتعلِّمهم الصمت-أحلام مستغانمي,
Must you go? I was rather hoping you'd stay and be a ministering angel, but if you must go, you must."-Cassandra Clare,
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.-David Mitchell,
I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.-Jane Austen,
Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.-Oscar Wilde
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.-Paulo Coelho,
Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins. My sin, my soul. Lo-lee-ta: the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap, at three, on the teeth. Lo. Lee. Ta. She was Lo, plain Lo, in the morning, standing four feet ten in one sock. She was Lola in slacks. She was Dolly at school. She was Dolores on the dotted line. But in my arms she was always Lolita. Did she have a precursor? She did, indeed she did. In point of fact, there might have been no Lolita at all had I not loved, one summer, an initial girl-child. In a princedom by the sea. Oh when? About as many years before Lolita was born as my age was that summer. You can always count on a murderer for a fancy prose style. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, exhibit number one is what the seraphs, the misinformed, simple, noble-winged seraphs, envied. Look at this tangle of thorns.-Vladimir Nabokov,
Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.-Rick Riordan,
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are god. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they draw the conclusion that-Christopher Hitchens,
A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition.-Henry Miller,
We need, in love, to practice only this: letting each other go. For holding on comes easily; we do not need to learn it.-Rainer Maria Rilke,
Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.-Winston Churchill
I'll just have them change the entry in the demonology textbook from 'almost extinct' to 'not extinct enough for Alec. He prefers his monsters really, really extinct.' Will that make you happy?-Cassandra Clare,
So please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install, a lovely bookshelf on the wall.-Roald Dahl
Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.-Barack Obama
What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?-Charles M. Schulz
A lot of you cared, just not enough.-Jay Asher,
Where there is love, there is often also hate. They can exist side by side.-Cassandra Clare,
It's all in the view. That's what I mean about forever, too. For any one of us our forever could end in an hour, or a hundred years from now. You never know for sure, so you'd better make every second count.-Sarah Dessen,
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Most of all, I hate you because I think of you. Often. It's disgusting, and I can't stop.-Holly Black,
If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.-Frank Zappa
When I get lonely these days, I think: So BE lonely, Liz. Learn your way around loneliness. Make a map of it. Sit with it, for once in your life. Welcome to the human experience. But never again use another person's body or emotions as a scratching post for your own unfulfilled yearnings.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way.-Paulo Coelho,
Dreams do come true, if only we wish hard enough. You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.-J.M. Barrie,
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.-Lady Gaga
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.-Nicholas Sparks
