After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.-Aldous Huxley,
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky,-J.R.R. Tolkien
In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.-Albert Camus
For last year's words belong to last year's language-T.S. Eliot,
I wanted to tell the book thief many things, about beauty and brutality. But what could I tell her about those things that she didn't already know? I wanted to explain that I am constantly overestimating and underestimating the human race-that rarely do I ever simply estimate it. I wanted to ask her how the same thing could be so ugly and so glorious, and its words and stories so damning and brilliant.-Markus Zusak,
أحيانًا يساعدنا الآخرون بأن يكونوا فى حياتنا فحسب-أحمد خالد توفيق
How did it get so late so soon?-Dr. Seuss
Do your thing and don't care if they like it.-Tina Fey,
He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It’s his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.-Markus Zusak,
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.-Albert Camus
When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years.-Mark Twain
The first draft of anything is shit.-Ernest Hemingway
It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own.-Arthur Conan Doyle
What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.-Albert Camus,
You speak an infinite deal of nothing.-William Shakespeare,
How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?-Anais Nin
To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.-Taylor Swift
I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed and that necessary.-Margaret Atwood
They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now-Edna St. Vincent Millay
Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! it is unutterable! I can not live without my life! I can not live without my soul!-Emily Brontë,
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.-J.K. Rowling,
The world was hers for the reading.-Betty Smith,
Goodbye," said the fox. "And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.-Ernest Hemingway
It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.-Stephenie Meyer,
Don't feel bad, I'm usually about to die.-Rick Riordan,
I am an excitable person who only understands life lyrically, musically, in whom feelings are much stronger as reason. I am so thirsty for the marvelous that only the marvelous has power over me. Anything I can not transform into something marvelous, I let go. Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.-Anais Nin
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.-Kathryn Stockett,
Isn't it odd how much fatter a book gets when you've read it several times?" Mo had said..."As if something were left between the pages every time you read it. Feelings, thoughts, sounds, smells...and then, when you look at the book again many years later, you find yourself there, too, a slightly younger self, slightly different, as if the book had preserved you like a pressed flower...both strange and familiar.-Cornelia Funke,
