So many things become beautiful when you really look.-Lauren Oliver,
My name is Celaena Sardothien. But it makes no difference if my name's Celaena or Lillian or Bitch, because I'd still beat you, no matter what you call me.-Sarah J. Maas,
Even in the Future the Story Begins with Once Upon a Time.-Marissa Meyer,
Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee-Robert Frost
I felt like crying but nothing came out. it was just a sort of sad sickness, sick sad, when you can't feel any worse. I think you know it. I think everybody knows it now and then. but I think I have known it pretty often, too often.-Charles Bukowski,
One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.-A.A. Milne
By the pricking of my thumbs,-William Shakespeare,
Our mothers always remain the strangest, craziest people we've ever met.-Marguerite Duras
the free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.-Charles Bukowski,
Because you can't argue with all the fools in the world. It's easier to let them have their way, then trick them when they're not paying attention.-Christopher Paolini
I thought I'd lie on the floor and writhe in pain for a while," he grunted, "It relaxes me."-Cassandra Clare,
Time is the longest distance between two places.-Tennessee Williams,
The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff.-Carl Sagan,
What she was finding also was how one book led to another, doors kept opening wherever she turned and the days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.-Alan Bennett,
No one can construct for you the bridge upon which precisely you must cross the stream of life, no one but you yourself alone.-Friedrich Nietzsche
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.-Thomas Paine,
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.-Kahlil Gibran
She refused to be bored chiefly because she wasn't boring.-Zelda Fitzgerald,
Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing.-Rick Riordan,
No one has ever become poor by giving.-Anne Frank,
You see I usually find myself among strangers because I drift here and there trying to forget the sad things that happened to me.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
I'm on Aslan's side even if there isn't any Aslan to lead it. I'm going to live as like a Narnian as I can even if there isn't any Narnia.-C.S. Lewis,
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.-Anna Quindlen
Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, "It might have been.-Kurt Vonnegut
It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.-J.K. Rowling,
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.-Ernest Hemingway
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.-Maya Angelou
Did you ever think that in a past life Alec was an old woman with ninety cats who was always yelling at the neighborhood kids to get off her lawn? Because I do,-Cassandra Clare,
Courage is found in unlikely places.-J.R.R. Tolkien
إن المرأة تحب رجلها ليس لأنه أقوى الرجال، و لا أوسمهم، و لا أغناهم، بل لأنه هو.. بضعفه و قوته.. و الحب ليس إستعراض قوة لكنه طاقة عطاء دافئة مستمرة-أحمد خالد توفيق
