There is no pretending," Jace said with absolute clarity. "I love you, and I will love you until I die, and if there is life after that, I'll love you then.-Cassandra Clare,
Who are you to judge the life I live?-Bob Marley
To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable.-C.S. Lewis,
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.-Jane Austen,
The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.-Marilyn Monroe
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.-John Green,
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.-Jess C. Scott,
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.-Benjamin Franklin Wade
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.-Paulo Coelho,
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.-George Carlin
Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind.-A.A. Milne,
He's like a drug for you, Bella.-Stephenie Meyer,
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.-J.K. Rowling,
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.-Oscar Wilde,
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.-Ernest Hemingway
Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears.-J.K. Rowling,
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.-Marilyn Monroe
You should date a girl who reads.-Rosemarie Urquico
I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited.-Sylvia Plath,
′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.-Mark Twain
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.-John Lennon
You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.-Suzanne Collins,
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.-Marilyn Monroe
I've been making a list of the things they don't teach you at school. They don't teach you how to love somebody. They don't teach you how to be famous. They don't teach you how to be rich or how to be poor. They don't teach you how to walk away from someone you don't love any longer. They don't teach you how to know what's going on in someone else's mind. They don't teach you what to say to someone who's dying. They don't teach you anything worth knowing.-Neil Gaiman,
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.-W.C. Fields
He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much;-Bessie Anderson Stanley,
I love mankind ... it's people I can't stand!!-Charles M. Schulz
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.-Harper Lee,
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.-Mark Twain
