The soul is healed by being with children.-Fyodor Dostoevsky
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.-Oscar Wilde
I got schooled this year-Colleen Hoover,
Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it-Viktor E. Frankl,
The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.-Barack Obama
I hate men who are afraid of women's strength.-Anaïs Nin,
Anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that-Isaac Asimov
I don't go out with strangers," I said.-Becca Fitzpatrick,
Only you can control your future.-Dr. Seuss
Freedom lies in being bold.-Robert Frost
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.-Napoleon Bonaparte
A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly. You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick-out teeth, but if you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.-Roald Dahl,
There are moments when troubles enter our lives and we can do nothing to avoid them.-Paulo Coelho,
It is better, I think, to grab at the stars than to sit flustered because you know you cannot reach them.-R.A. Salvatore,
Watch out for intellect,-Anne Sexton,
An intellectual? Yes. And never deny it. An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. I like this, because I am happy to be both halves, the watcher and the watched. "Can they be brought together?" This is a practical question. We must get down to it. "I despise intelligence" really means: "I cannot bear my doubts.-Albert Camus
And so I try to be kind to everything I see, and in everything I see, I see him.-Hanya Yanagihara,
It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do.-Jane Austen,
If someone were to harm my family or a friend or somebody I love, I would eat them. I might end up in jail for 500 years, but I would eat them.-Johnny Depp
A mother is the truest friend we have, when trials heavy and sudden fall upon us; when adversity takes the place of prosperity; when friends desert us; when trouble thickens around us, still will she cling to us, and endeavor by her kind precepts and counsels to dissipate the clouds of darkness, and cause peace to return to our hearts.-Washington Irving
Sometimes love means letting go when you want to hold on tighter.-Melissa Marr,
You’ll get over it… It’s the clichés that cause the trouble. To lose someone you love is to alter your life for ever. You don’t get over it because ‘it is the person you loved. The pain stops, there are new people, but the gap never closes. How could it? The particularness of someone who mattered enough to grieve over is not made anodyne by death. This hole in my heart is in the shape of you and no-one else can fit it. Why would I want them to?-Jeanette Winterson,
A well-composed book is a magic carpet on which we are wafted to a world that we cannot enter in any other way.-Caroline Gordon
You think because he doesn't love you that you are worthless. You think that because he doesn't want you anymore that he is right -- that his judgement and opinion of you are correct. If he throws you out, then you are garbage. You think he belongs to you because you want to belong to him. Don't. It's a bad word, 'belong.' Especially when you put it with somebody you love. Love shouldn't be like that. Did you ever see the way the clouds love a mountain? They circle all around it; sometimes you can't even see the mountain for the clouds. But you know what? You go up top and what do you see? His head. The clouds never cover the head. His head pokes through, beacuse the clouds let him; they don't wrap him up. They let him keep his head up high, free, with nothing to hide him or bind him. You can't own a human being. You can't lose what you don't own. Suppose you did own him. Could you really love somebody who was absolutely nobody without you? You really want somebody like that? Somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door? You don't, do you? And neither does he. You're turning over your whole life to him. Your whole life, girl. And if it means so little to you that you can just give it away, hand it to him, then why should it mean any more to him? He can't value you more than you value yourself.-Toni Morrison
The worst type of crying wasn't the kind everyone could see--the wailing on street corners, the tearing at clothes. No, the worst kind happened when your soul wept and no matter what you did, there was no way to comfort it. A section withered and became a scar on the part of your soul that survived. For people like me and Echo, our souls contained more scar tissue than life.-Katie McGarry,
He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.-Confucius
Be glad. Be good. Be brave.-Eleanor Hodgman Porter
I decided as long as I'm going to hell, I might as well do it thoroughly.-Stephenie Meyer,
All right," said Susan. "I'm not stupid. You're saying humans need...-Terry Pratchett,
Literature is a textually transmitted disease, normally contracted in childhood.-Jane Yolen,
