Ignite, my love. Ignite.-Tahereh Mafi,
there are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone.-Nicole Krauss,
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.-Douglas Adams,
Have you ever lost someone you love and wanted one more conversation, one more chance to make up for the time when you thought they would be here forever? If so, then you know you can go your whole life collecting days, and none will outweigh the one you wish you had back.-Mitch Albom,
It would seem that Our Lord finds our desires not too strong, but too weak. We are half-hearted creatures, fooling about with drink and sex and ambition when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea. We are far too easily pleased.-C.S. Lewis,
Alone. Yes, that's the key word, the most awful word in the English tongue. Murder doesn't hold a candle to it and hell is only a poor synonym.-Stephen King
Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.-Langston Hughes
Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire.-Dan Brown,
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on.-William S. Burroughs
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness.-Aristotle
Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws.-Douglas Adams,
When we are young, the words are scattered all around us. As they are assembled by experience, so also are we, sentence by sentence, until the story takes shape.-Louise Erdrich,
We learn from failure, not from success!-Bram Stoker,
You forget what you want to remember, and you remember what you want to forget.-Cormac McCarthy,
لا تجالس أنصاف العشاق، ولا تصادق أنصاف الأصدقاء، لا تقرأ لأنصاف الموهوبين،لا تعش نصف حياة، ولا تمت نصف موت،لا تختر نصف حل، ولا تقف في منتصف الحقيقة، لا تحلم نصف حلم، ولا تتعلق بنصف أمل، إذا صمتّ.. فاصمت حتى النهاية، وإذا تكلمت.. فتكلّم حتى النهاية، لا تصمت كي تتكلم، ولا تتكلم كي تصمت.-جبران خليل جبران
She feels in italics and thinks in CAPITALS.-Henry James
there is a place in the heart that-Charles bukowski
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.-Maya Angelou
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.-Jean de La Fontaine,
I write to give myself strength. I write to be the characters that I am not. I write to explore all the things I'm afraid of.-Joss Whedon
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.-Helen Keller,
We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.-C. JoyBell C.
You’ll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.-Dr. Seuss,
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.-Norman Vincent Peale
Man is the cruelest animal.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.-Lauren Conrad
Stories you read when you're the right age never quite leave you. You may forget who wrote them or what the story was called. Sometimes you'll forget precisely what happened, but if a story touches you it will stay with you, haunting the places in your mind that you rarely ever visit.-Neil Gaiman,
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.-Walt Whitman
You deal with mythological stuff for a few years, you learn that paradises are usually places where you get killed.-Rick Riordan,
Instructions for living a life.-Mary Oliver
