When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch.-Bette Davis
Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.-Roy T. Bennett
Reading was my escape and my comfort, my consolation, my stimulant of choice: reading for the pure pleasure of it, for the beautiful stillness that surrounds you when you hear an author's words reverberating in your head.-Paul Auster,
Kaz leaned back. "What's the easiest way to steal a man's wallet?"-Leigh Bardugo,
It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.-Roy T. Bennett
Angry people are not always wise.-Jane Austen,
Resist much, obey little.-Walt Whitman,
No book is really worth reading at the age of ten which is not equally – and often far more – worth reading at the age of fifty and beyond.-C.S. Lewis
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.-Coco Chanel
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.-Pablo Picasso
Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out.-J.K. Rowling
Percy wouldn't notice a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing one of Dobby's hats.-J.K. Rowling,
To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's.-Fyodor Dostoevsky,
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.-Confucious
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.-Vladimir Nabokov,
It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. You feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. For having wanted to be wanted. It confuses you, because you think that your feelings were wrong and it makes you feel so small because it's so hard to keep it inside when you let it out and it doesn't coma back. You're left so alone that you can't explain. Damn, there's nothing like that, is there? I've been there and you have too. You're nodding your head.-Henry Rollins,
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.-Rumi
My daddy said, that the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, that feeling just never goes away.-Nicholas Sparks,
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.-Eleanor Roosevelt
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.-Audrey Hepburn
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.-Bob Marley
I have a theory that selflessness and bravery aren't all that different.-Veronica Roth,
And, in the end-Paul McCartney,
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.-Agatha Christie
I don't want to die without any scars.-Chuck Palahniuk,
Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.-Roy T. Bennett,
If he’s not calling you, it’s because you are not on his mind. If he creates expectations for you, and then doesn’t follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. Be aware of this and realize that he’s okay with disappointing you. Don’t be with someone who doesn’t do what they say they’re going to do. If he’s choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn’t respect your feelings and needs. Busy is another word for asshole. Asshole is another word for the guy you’re dating. You deserve a fcking phone call.-Greg Behrendt
To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.-C.S. Lewis
Everybody has a secret world inside of them. I mean everybody. All of the people in the whole world, I mean everybody — no matter how dull and boring they are on the outside. Inside them they've all got unimaginable, magnificent, wonderful, stupid, amazing worlds... Not just one world. Hundreds of them. Thousands, maybe.-Neil Gaiman,
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.-Mark Twain,
