Nothing great in the world was accomplished without passion.-Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
It must require bravery to be honest all the time.-Veronica Roth,
When God Created Mothers"-Erma Bombeck,
Whatever you are physically...male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy--all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. All those other things, they are the glass that contains the lamp, but-Cassandra Clare,
You like someone who can't like you back because unrequited love can be survived in a way that once-requited love cannot.-John Green,
The Very first moment I beheld him, my heart was irrevocably gone.-Jane Austen,
People change and forget to tell each other.-Lillian Hellman
Atticus, he was real nice."-Harper Lee,
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.-W.C. Fields
It is never too late to be wise.-Daniel Defoe,
What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally the whole school knows.-J. K. Rowling,
Your silence will not protect you.-Audre Lorde,
I had absolutely no interest in being somebody else's muse.-Taylor Jenkins Reid,
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.-Yann Martel,
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.-Aristotle
A friend said to me, Hey you need to grow a pair. Grow a pair, Bro. It’s when someone calls you weak, but they associate it with a lack of testicles. Which is weird, because testicles are the most sensitive things in the world. If you suddenly just grew a pair, you’d be a lot more vulnerable. If you want to be tough, you should lose a pair. If you want to be real tough, you should grow a vagina. Those things can take a pounding.-Sheng Wang
Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.-Ben Okri
I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.-Boris Pasternak
Even the strongest and bravest must sometimes weep. It shows they have a great heart, one that can feel compassion for others.-Brian Jacques,
All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Remember me and smile, for it's better to forget than to remember me and cry.-Dr. Seuss
Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.-Sarah Dessen
My course is set for an uncharted sea.-Dante Alighieri
The major problem—-Douglas Adams,
I'd rather die on an adventure than live standing still.-V.E. Schwab,
In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.-Rumi
Maybe there were people who lived those lives. Maybe this girl was one of them. But what about the rest of us? What about the nobodies and the nothings, the invisible girls?-Leigh Bardugo,
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.-J.K. Rowling,
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.-Charles Lamb
