"“Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. You tell them things that you’ve never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more. You share hopes for the future, dreams that will never come true, goals that were never achieved and the many disappointments life has thrown at you. When something wonderful happens, you can’t wait to tell them about it, knowing they will share in your excitement. They are not embarrassed to cry with you when you are hurting or laugh with you when you make a fool of yourself. Never do they hurt your feelings or make you feel like you are not good enough, but rather they build you up and show you the things about yourself that make you special and even beautiful. There is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around. You can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are. The things that seem insignificant to most people such as a note, song or walk become invaluable treasures kept safe in your heart to cherish forever. Memories of your childhood come back and are so clear and vivid it’s like being young again. Colours seem brighter and more brilliant. Laughter seems part of daily life where before it was infrequent or didn’t exist at all. A phone call or two during the day helps to get you through a long day’s work and always brings a smile to your face. In their presence, there’s no need for continuous conversation, but you find you’re quite content in just having them nearby. Things that never interested you before become fascinating because you know they are important to this person who is so special to you. You think of this person on every occasion and in everything you do. Simple things bring them to mind like a pale blue sky, gentle wind or even a storm cloud on the horizon. You open your heart knowing that there’s a chance it may be broken one day and in opening your heart, you experience a love and joy that you never dreamed possible. You find that being vulnerable is the only way to allow your heart to feel true pleasure that’s so real it scares you. You find strength in knowing you have a true friend and possibly a soul mate who will remain loyal to the end. Life seems completely different, exciting and worthwhile. Your only hope and security is in knowing that they are a part of your life.”" - Bob Marley
"“All that is gold does not glitter," - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"“The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”" - Jane Austen,
"“It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”" - J.K. Rowling,
"“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”" - Marilyn Monroe
"“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”" - Albert Einstein
"“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.”" - J.K. Rowling,
"“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”" - Mark Twain
"“As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.”" - John Green,
"“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.”" - Oscar Wilde,
"“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”" - Neil Gaiman,
"“The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.”" - William Shakespeare,
"“It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.”" - Maurice Switzer,
"“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).”" - Mark Twain
"“Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”" - Allen Saunders
"“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”" - Bill Keane
"“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”" - Thomas A. Edison
"“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”" - Elie Wiesel
"“The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.”" - Mark Twain
"“A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.”" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"“I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.”" - Pablo Neruda,
"“I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.”" - douglas adams,
"“If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.”" - Gordon A. Eadie
"“Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.”" - Groucho Marx,
"“I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.”" - J.K. Rowling,
"“I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.”" - Albert Einstein
"“Love all, trust a few," - William Shakespeare,
"“Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.”" - Neil Gaiman,
"“I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.”" - Dr. Seuss
