Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.-Robert Frost
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.-George Bernard Shaw,
I nodded, looking at Rachel with respect. "You hit the Lord of the Titans in the eye with a blue plastic hairbrush.-Rick Riordan
Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?-George Carlin
Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.-Paulo Coelho
If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.-Ivan Turgenev
You can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange.-Milan Kundera
Happiness [is] only real when shared-Jon Krakauer,
Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher. There was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head!-J.K. Rowling,
How do you spell 'love'?" - Piglet-A.A. Milne
Take pride in your pain; you are stronger than those who have none-Lois Lowry,
Never say 'no' to adventures. Always say 'yes,' otherwise you'll lead a very dull life.-Ian Fleming
Though she be but little, she is fierce!-William Shakespeare,
If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.-Clare Boothe Luce
‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.-Voltaire
So it's you and a syringe against the Capitol? See, this is why no one lets you make the plans.-Suzanne Collins,
you can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.-Stephen King,
You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read.-James Baldwin
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.-John Locke
Let us learn to show our friendship for a man when he is alive and not after he is dead.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
They’re not hideous, said Tessa.-Cassandra Clare,
So you're always honest," I said.-Sarah Dessen,
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.-Joseph Campbell
What if it lines up like it did in the Trojan War ... Athena versus Poseidon?"-Rick Riordan,
The meek may inherit the earth, but at the moment it belongs to the conceited. Like me.-Cassandra Clare,
What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my life.-Walt Whitman
Clary,-Cassandra Clare,
Every great love starts with a great story...-Nicholas Sparks,
