If writers wrote as carelessly as some people talk, then adhasdh asdglaseuyt[bn[ pasdlgkhasdfasdf.-Lemony Snicket,
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.-Roy T. Bennett,
There's plenty of sense in nonsense sometimes, if you wish to look for it.-Cassandra Clare,
You smell good, too, said Patch-Becca Fitzpatrick,
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.-Mark Twain
I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.-Santosh Kalwar,
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.-St. Francis Of Assisi,
-Charlotte Brontë,
Some say the world will end in fire,-Robert Frost
I mean, if the relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?-Nicholas Sparks,
Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.-Thich Nhat Hanh,
You'll stay with me?'-J. K. Rowling,
There is no real ending. It’s just the place where you stop the story.-Frank Herbert
I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited.-Jorge Luis Borges
I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.-Neil Gaiman,
How did you die?"-Rick Riordan,
My life amounts to no more than one drop in a limitless ocean. Yet what is any ocean, but a multitude of drops?-David Mitchell,
Everything tells me that I am about to make a wrong decision, but making mistakes is just part of life. What does the world want of me? Does it want me to take no risks, to go back to where I came from because I didn't have the courage to say "yes" to life?-Paulo Coelho,
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.-Emily Dickinson
Name one hero who was happy."-Madeline Miller,
I love you. Remember. They cannot take it-Lauren Oliver,
I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.-Orhan Pamuk,
She wasn't bitter. She was sad, though. But it was a hopeful kind of sad. The kind of sad that just takes time.-Stephen Chbosky,
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.-Roy T. Bennett,
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.-Maya Angelou
The paradox of our time in history is that we have taller buildings but shorter tempers, wider Freeways, but narrower viewpoints. We spend more, but have less, we buy more, but enjoy less. We have bigger houses and smaller families, more conveniences, but less time. We have more degrees but less sense, more knowledge, but less judgment, more experts, yet more problems, more medicine, but less wellness.-Bob Moorehead,
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.-Robert Frost
That’s part of what I like about the book in some ways. It portrays death truthfully. You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence-John Green,
I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead and some come from behind. But I've bought a big bat. I'm all ready you see. Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!-Dr. Seuss
Reading one book is like eating one potato chip.-Diane Duane,
