Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.-Lemony Snicket,
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.-Roy T. Bennett,
May the odds be ever in your favor!-Suzanne Collins,
If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden.-Frances Hodgson Burnett,
It's not gray," Clary felt compelled to point out. "It's green."-Cassandra Clare,
I always channel my emotions into my work. That way, I don't hurt anyone but myself.-Suzanne Collins,
The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image.-Thomas Merton,
I don't want tea," said Clary, with muffled force. "I want to find my mother. And then I want to find out who took her in the first place, and I want to kill them."-Cassandra Clare,
A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other.-Charles Dickens,
I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.-Abraham Lincoln
Sometimes, when I have to do something I don't want to do, I pretend I'm a character from a book. It's easier to know what they would do.-Cassandra Clare,
Did you know that 'I told you so' has a brother,Jacob?" she asked cutting me off. "His name is 'Shut the hell up'.-Stephenie Meyer,
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?-George Eliot
I wrote the story myself. It's about a girl who lost her reputation and never missed it.-Mae West
Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night. I miss you like hell.-Edna St. Vincent Millay
Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.-Laini Taylor,
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.-Rumi,
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.-Blaise Pascal
True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.-Kiera Cass,
When did we see each other face-to-face? Not until you saw into my cracks and I saw into yours. Before that, we were just looking at ideas of each other, like looking at your window shade but never seeing inside. But once the vessel cracks, the light can get in. The light can get out.-John Green,
The pleasure of all reading is doubled when one lives with another who shares the same books.-Katherine Mansfield
A childhood without books – that would be no childhood. That would be like being shut out from the enchanted place where you can go and find the rarest kind of joy.-Astrid Lindgren
I am different, not less.-Temple Grandin
You're just worried they'll hire a male instructor and he'll be hotter than you."-Cassandra Clare,
Fear is a phoenix. You can watch it burn a thousand times and still it will return.-Leigh Bardugo,
Once upon a time, an angel and a devil fell in love.-Laini Taylor,
Really, the combination of the scabs and the ointment looks hideous. I can't help enjoying his distress.-Suzanne Collins,
In time, the hurt began to fade and it was easier to just let it go. At least I thought it was. But in every boy I met in the next few years, I found myself looking for you, and when the feelings got too strong, I'd write you another letter. But I never sent them for fear of what I might find. By then, you'd gone on with your life and I didn't want to think about you loving someone else. I wanted to remember us like we were that summer. I didn't ever want to lose that.-Nicholas Sparks,
Therefore, dear Sir, love your solitude and try to sing out with the pain it causes you. For those who are near you are far away... and this shows that the space around you is beginning to grow vast.... be happy about your growth, in which of course you can't take anyone with you, and be gentle with those who stay behind; be confident and calm in front of them and don't torment them with your doubts and don't frighten them with your faith or joy, which they wouldn't be able to comprehend. Seek out some simple and true feeling of what you have in common with them, which doesn't necessarily have to alter when you yourself change again and again; when you see them, love life in a form that is not your own and be indulgent toward those who are growing old, who are afraid of the aloneness that you trust.... and don't expect any understanding; but believe in a love that is being stored up for you like an inheritance, and have faith that in this love there is a strength and a blessing so large that you can travel as far as you wish without having to step outside it.-Rainer Maria Rilke,
Reading brings us unknown friends-Honore de Balzac
