Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.-Charles W. Eliot
Jesus!" Luke exclaimed.-Cassandra Clare
Have you ever noticed how ‘What the hell’ is always the right decision to make?-Terry Johnson,
Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint.-Markus Herz
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.-Roald Dahl
Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.-J.K. Rowling,
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.-Isaac Asimov
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent-Victor Hugo
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.-Mahatma Gandhi
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.-Nicholas Sparks,
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.-Albert Camus
I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will.-Charlotte Brontë,
Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.-Harper Lee,
When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.-Paulo Coelho,
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.-Albert Einstein
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.-Marilyn Monroe
Do you hate people?-Charles Bukowski,
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.-Helen Keller
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.-Anne Frank,
A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading.-William Styron,
A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.-C.S. Lewis
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.-Joe Klaas,
So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane.-John Green,
Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like.-Lemony Snicket
The Seven Social Sins are:-Frederick Lewis Donaldson
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources-C.E.M. Joad
With great power... comes great need to take a nap. Wake me up later.-Rick Riordan,
If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.-Stephen King
I no longer believed in the idea of soul mates, or love at first sight. But I was beginning to believe that a very few times in your life, if you were lucky, you might meet someone who was exactly right for you. Not because he was perfect, or because you were, but because your combined flaws were arranged in a way that allowed two separate beings to hinge together.-Lisa Kleypas,
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever.-Suzanne Collins,
