She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live.-Annie Dillard,
If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud.-Émile Zola
Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.-Roy T. Bennett,
All your life, you will be faced with a choice. You can choose love or hate…I choose love.-Johnny Cash
Be clearly aware of the stars and infinity on high. Then life seems almost enchanted after all.-Vincent Van Gogh
I knew when I met you an adventure was going to happen.-A.A. Milne
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.-Truman Capote
It's just that most really good-looking people are stupid, so I exceed expectations.'-John Green,
The real story of the Fleece: there were these two children of Zeus, Cadmus and Europa, okay? They were about to get offered up as human sacrifices, when they prayed to Zeus to save them. So Zeus sent this magical flying ram with golden wool, which picked them up in Greece and carried them all the way to Colchis in Asia Minor. Well, actually it carried Cadmus. Europa fell off and died along the way, but that's not important."-Rick Riordan,
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.-Sun Tzu,
And then he gives me a smile that just seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me.-Suzanne Collins,
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.-A.A. Milne,
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.-Mark Twain
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.-Oscar Wilde,
Time is-Henry van Dyke,
If you don't like someone's story, write your own.-Chinua Achebe
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.-Oscar Wilde,
When I am with you, we stay up all night.-Rumi
Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.-Jeffrey Eugenides,
It's a lot easier to be lost than found. It's the reason we're always searching and rarely discovered--so many locks not enough keys.-Sarah Dessen,
You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.-Toni Morrison,
I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
Before you, Bella, my life was like a moonless night. Very dark, but there were stars, points of light and reason. ...And then you shot across my sky like a meteor. Suddenly everything was on fire; there was brilliancy, there was beauty. When you were gone, when the meteor had fallen over the horizon, everything went black. Nothing had changed, but my eyes were blinded by the light. I couldn’t see the stars anymore. And there was no more reason, for anything.-Stephenie Meyer,
Perhaps the greatest faculty our minds possess is the ability to cope with pain. Classic thinking teaches us of the four doors of the mind, which everyone moves through according to their need.-Patrick Rothfuss,
It's funny how humans can wrap their mind around things and fit them into their version of reality.-Rick Riordan,
Sometimes,' said Pooh, 'the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.-A.A. Milne
Why were you lurking under our window?"-J.K. Rowling,
Any fool knows men and women think differently at times, but the biggest difference is this. Men forget, but never forgive; women forgive, but never forget.-Robert Jordan
Some lose all mind and become soul,insane.-Charles Bukowski
I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it.-Rodney Dangerfield
