It's just that...I just think that some things are meant to be broken. Imperfect. Chaotic. It's the universe's way of providing contrast, you know? There have to be a few holes in the road. It's how life is.-Sarah Dessen,
No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.-haruki murakami
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.-Franz Kafka
Basically, I have two speeds.... Hostile or smart-aleck. Your choice.-James Patterson,
Don't." Clary raised a warning hand. "I'm not really in the mood right now."-Cassandra Clare,
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.-Winston S. Churchill
لن تكون متدينا إلا بالعلم ...فالله لا يعبد بالجهل-مصطفى محمود,
If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?-Cassandra Clare,
The heart is an arrow. It demands aim to land true.-Leigh Bardugo,
Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.-Cornelia Funke,
But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.-Albert Camus
A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe.-Madeleine L'Engle
Life is to be enjoyed, not endured-Gordon B. Hinckley
I can listen no longer in silence. I must speak to you by such means as are within my reach. You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope. Tell me not that I am too late, that such precious feelings are gone for ever. I offer myself to you again with a heart even more your own than when you almost broke it, eight years and a half ago. Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death. I have loved none but you. Unjust I may have been, weak and resentful I have been, but never inconstant. You alone have brought me to Bath. For you alone, I think and plan. Have you not seen this? Can you fail to have understood my wishes? I had not waited even these ten days, could I have read your feelings, as I think you must have penetrated mine. I can hardly write. I am every instant hearing something which overpowers me. You sink your voice, but I can distinguish the tones of that voice when they would be lost on others. Too good, too excellent creature! You do us justice, indeed. You do believe that there is true attachment and constancy among men. Believe it to be most fervent, most undeviating, in F. W.-Jane Austen,
Well, now-Pablo Neruda,
The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.-Harper Lee,
To burn with desire and keep quiet about it is the greatest punishment we can bring on ourselves.-Federico García Lorca,
We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.-C. JoyBell C.
Hate the sin, love the sinner.-Mahatma Gandhi
Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on?-J.R.R. Tolkien,
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Forever is composed of nows.-Emily Dickinson
All the world's a stage,-William Shakespeare,
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?-Virginia Woolf
You're off to Great Places!-Dr. Seuss,
He thinks he'll be remembered as the villain in the story. But I forgot to tell him that the villain is usually the person who locks up the maiden and throws away the key. He was the one who let me out.-Sarah J. Maas,
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.-Albert Einstein
I dream my painting and I paint my dream.-Vincent Willem van Gogh
You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.-Amy Bloom
Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.-Mark Twain
