Was it hard?" I ask.-Lisa Schroeder
There are so many fragile things, after all. People break so easily, and so do dreams and hearts.-Neil Gaiman,
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.-William Arthur Ward
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.-Alice Walker
I've found that there is always some beauty left -- in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself; these can all help you.-Anne Frank,
I am trying here to prevent anyone saying the really foolish thing that people often say about Him: I’m ready to accept Jesus as a great moral teacher, but I don’t accept his claim to be God. That is the one thing we must not say. A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher. He would either be a lunatic — on the level with the man who says he is a poached egg — or else he would be the Devil of Hell. You must make your choice. Either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God, but let us not come with any patronizing nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to.-C.S. Lewis,
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.-Rumi
We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out.-Ray Bradbury
I am too fond of reading books to care to write them.-Oscar Wilde,
The unreal is more powerful than the real. Because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it. Because its only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last. Stone crumbles. Wood rots. People, well, they die. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on and on. If you can change the way people think. The way they see themselves. The way they see the world. You can change the way people live their lives. That's the only lasting thing you can create.-Chuck Palahniuk,
A DEFINITION NOT FOUND-Markus Zusak,
It's like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a-Haruki Murakami,
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.-Marcus Aurelius ,
A truth that's told with bad intent-William Blake,
A writer is someone for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.-Thomas Mann,
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.-Winston S. Churchill
Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.-Joss Whedon
Sometimes when I look at you, I feel I'm gazing at a distant star.-Haruki Murakami,
I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of.-Charles Bukowski,
I cannot sleep unless I am surrounded by books.-Jorge Luis Borges
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.-Kahlil Gibran
I fell in love with you, smartass, because you were one of us—because you weren’t afraid of me, and you decided to end your spectacular victory by throwing that piece of bone at Amarantha like a javelin. I felt Cassian’s spirit beside me in that moment, and could have sworn I heard him say, ‘If you don’t marry her, you stupid prick, I will.-Sarah J. Maas,
Stay gold, Ponyboy. Stay gold . . . The pillow seemed to sink a little, and Johnny died.-S.E. Hinton,
Dogs never bite me. Just humans.-Marilyn Monroe
I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks.-Harper Lee,
I am selfish. I am brave.-Veronica Roth,
أتمنى أن أبكي و أرتجف , التصق بواحد من الكبار , لكن الحقيقة القاسية هي أنك الكبار! .. أنت من يجب أن يمنح القوة و الأمن للآخرين!-أحمد خالد توفيق
Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around - nobody big, I mean - except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff - I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.-J. D. Salinger,
I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.-Madonna
You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.-C. JoyBell C.
