Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.-Aristotle
I love you as certain dark things are to be loved,-Pablo Neruda,
Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.-J.K. Rowling,
Tis better to have loved and lost-Alfred Lord Tennyson,
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.-Paulo Coelho,
Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry.-Cassandra Clare,
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.-Nicholas Sparks,
It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.-Chuck Palahniuk,
Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could.-Charles J. Sykes,
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.-George Orwell,
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.-William Shakespeare,
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.-Frank Herbert,
Do you remember me telling you we are practicing non-verbal spells, Potter?"-J.K. Rowling,
What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.-Maya Angelou,
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.-Socrates
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.-Ernest Hemingway,
A day without laughter is a day wasted.-Nicolas Chamfort
He’s not perfect. You aren’t either, and the two of you will never be perfect. But if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. He isn’t going to quote poetry, he’s not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. Don’t hurt him, don’t change him, and don’t expect for more than he can give. Don’t analyze. Smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he’s not there. Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect guys don’t exist, but there’s always one guy that is perfect for you.-Bob Marley
Yes: I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.-Oscar Wilde,
A person's a person, no matter how small.-Dr. Seuss,
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.-Oscar Wilde
Thomas Edison's last words were "-John Green,
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.-Edgar Allan Poe
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.-Henri Nouwen,
Oh, I wouldn't mind, Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you.-John Green,
When adults say, "Teenagers think they are invincible" with that sly, stupid smile on their faces, they don't know how right they are. We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken. We think that we are invincible because we are. We cannot be born, and we cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations. They forget that when they get old. They get scared of losing and failing. But that part of us greater than the sum of our parts cannot begin and cannot end, and so it cannot fail.-John Green,
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.-J.K. Rowling,
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.-Ralph Waldo Emerson,
The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.-Chuck Palahniuk,
I finally understood what true love meant...love meant that you care for another person's happiness more than your own, no matter how painful the choices you face might be.-Nicholas Sparks,
