Who said nights were for sleep?-Marilyn Monroe
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.-Herman Melville
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.-Bertrand Russell
Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.-Anna Quindlen,
That's the problem with drinking, I thought, as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen.-Charles Bukowski,
This moment will just be another story someday.-Stephen Chbosky,
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.-Henry David Thoreau,
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.-Lao Tzu
Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.-J.K. Rowling,
I’m here. I love you. I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long, I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it—I will love you through that, as well. If you don’t need the medication, I will love you, too. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and I am braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds.-Laurell K. Hamilton,
Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.-Albert Schweitzer
Sometimes fate is like a small sandstorm that keeps changing directions. You change direction but the sandstorm chases you. You turn again, but the storm adjusts. Over and over you play this out, like some ominous dance with death just before dawn. Why? Because this storm isn't something that blew in from far away, something that has nothing to do with you. This storm is you. Something-Haruki Murakami,
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.-J.K. rowling,
If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!-John Waters
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science.-Albert Einstein,
How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.-Shel Silverstein
there is a loneliness in this world so great-Charles Bukowski,
We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.-C.S. Lewis
Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.-Albert Einstein
What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.-Fyodor Dostoevsky,
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.-Cathy Guiswite
One of the Silent Brothers is here to see you. Hodge sent me to wake you up. Actually he offered to wake you himself, but since it's 5 a.m., I figured you'd be less cranky if you had something nice to look at."-Cassandra Clare,
I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, "This is what it is to be happy.-Sylvia Plath,
The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.-Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like "What about lunch?-A. A. Milne,
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.-Charles Dickens,
You guessed? You must have been pretty sure, considering you could have killed me."-Cassandra Clare,
No mourners. No funerals. Among them, it passed for 'good luck.-Leigh Bardugo,
People think dreams aren't real just because they aren't made of matter, of particles. Dreams are real. But they are made of viewpoints, of images, of memories and puns and lost hopes.-Neil Gaiman
