You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I have lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' You must do the thing you think you cannot do.-Eleanor Roosevelt,
Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.-Leonardo da Vinci
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Without pain, how could we know joy?' This is an old argument in the field of thinking about suffering and its stupidity and lack of sophistication could be plumbed for centuries but suffice it to say that the existence of broccoli does not, in any way, affect the taste of chocolate.-John Green,
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.-Rumi
I wonder how many people I've looked at all my life and never seen.-John Steinbeck,
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.-Terry Pratchett,
Religion has actually convinced people that there's an invisible man living in the sky who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place, full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish, where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever 'til the end of time!-George Carlin
Many people, myself among them, feel better at the mere sight of a book.-Jane Smiley,
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope.-Dr. Seuss
Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.-J. D. Salinger
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.-Paulo Coelho,
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.-Jonathan Safran Foer
Remember when you tried to convince me to feed a poultry pie to the mallards in the park to see if you could breed a race of cannibal ducks?"-Cassandra Clare,
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are.-Niccolò Machiavelli,
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.-Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.-Roy T. Bennett,
What happens when people open their hearts?"-Haruki Murakami,
You're still trying to protect me. Real or not real," he whispers.-Suzanne Collins,
I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.-Woody Allen
I am very interested and fascinated how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other.-Stephen Chbosky,
Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.-Nora Ephron
Life is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal.-Neil Gaiman
There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying.-Sarah Dessen,
That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you're not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong.-F. Scott Fitzgerald
To be nobody but-E.E. Cummings
But luxury has never appealed to me, I like simple things, books, being alone, or with somebody who understands.-Daphne du Maurier
Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting.-Haruki Marukami
Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new.-Ursula K. Le Guin,
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?-Dr. Seuss
