Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?-John Keats,
The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.-Rachel Carson
The past is never where you think you left it.-Katherine Anne Porter
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.-Abraham Lincoln
ليس هناك كتابا أقرأه و لا أستفيد منه شيئا جديدا ، فحتى الكتاب التافه أستفيد من قراءته ، أني تعلمت شيئا جديدا هو ما هي التفاهة ؟ و كيف يكتب الكتاب التافهون ؟ و فيم يفكرون ؟-عباس محمود العقاد
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.-Herman Melville,
It's so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone.-John Steinbeck,
Atticus said to Jem one day, "I’d rather you shot at tin cans in the backyard, but I know you’ll go after birds. Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit ‘em, but remember it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird." That was the only time I ever heard Atticus say it was a sin to do something, and I asked Miss Maudie about it. "Your father’s right," she said. "Mockingbirds don’t do one thing except make music for us to enjoy. They don’t eat up people’s gardens, don’t nest in corn cribs, they don’t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That’s why it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.-Harper Lee,
It takes something more than intelligence to act intelligently.-Fyodor Dostoyevsky,
To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man's life.-T.S. Eliot,
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.-Taylor Swift
My life has a superb cast, but I cannot figure out the plot.-Ashleigh Brilliant
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.-Jack London
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart-Eleanor Roosevelt
Never miss a good chance to shut up.-Will Rogers
There are much worse games to play.-Suzanne Collins,
Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.-Alan Alda
Dreams are always crushing when they don't come true. But it's the simple dreams that are often the most painful because they seem so personal, so reasonable, so attainable. You're always close enough to touch, but never quite close enough to hold and it's enough to break your heart.-Nicholas Sparks,
If you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way.-Seamus Heaney,
The longer I live, the more I observe that carrying around anger is the most debilitating to the person who bears it.-Katharine Graham
We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate.-Amy Tan,
When you trip over love, it is easy to get up. But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again.-Albert Einstein
You are okay?" he asked. "Not eaten by monsters?"-Rick Riordan,
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.-Mahatma Gandhi
How long was I asleep?" she whispered. He didn't respond.-Sarah J. Maas,
I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.-Albert Camus,
The thing I realize is, that it's not what you take, it's what you leave.-Jennifer Niven,
Usually we walk around constantly believing ourselves. "I'm okay" we say. "I'm alright". But sometimes the truth arrives on you and you can't get it off. That's when you realize that sometimes it isn't even an answer--it's a question. Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced.-Markus Zusak,
I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all.-Laura Ingalls Wilder
The best way out is always through.-Robert Frost
