Read, read, read. Read everything -- trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an apprentice and studies the master. Read! You'll absorb it.-William Faulkner
Not everything is about you," Clary said furiously.-Cassandra Clare,
Bran thought about it. 'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?'-George R.R. Martin,
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.-Pablo Neruda,
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.-Albert Camus
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.-Maya Angelou,
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.-George Orwell,
Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.-Roy T. Bennett
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up all these defenses, you build up a whole suit of armor, so that nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life...You give them a piece of you. They didn't ask for it. They did something dumb one day, like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. Love takes hostages. It gets inside you. It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so simple a phrase like 'maybe we should be just friends' turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart. It hurts. Not just in the imagination. Not just in the mind. It's a soul-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain. I hate love.-Neil Gaiman,
I am a man" he told her, "and men do not consume pink beverages. Get thee gone woman, and bring me something brown.-Cassandra Clare,
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power.-Oscar Wilde
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.-Martin Luther King Jr.
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.-Oscar Wilde
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.-Mae West
What the hell is that?" I laughed.-John Green,
I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.-Ned Vizzini,
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.-Albert Einstein
They didn’t agree on much. In fact, they didn’t agree on anything. They fought all the time and challenged each other ever day. But despite their differences, they had one important thing in common. They were crazy about each other.-Nicholas Sparks,
Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer.-Ellen DeGeneres,
Good books don't give up all their secrets at once.-Stephen King
We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.-Roy T. Bennett,
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.-Saul Bellow
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.-William Shakespeare
I think if I've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. Don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff.-Jon Katz
Is this the part where you say if I hurt her, you'll kill me?"-Cassandra Clare,
Reader's Bill of Rights-Daniel Pennac
War is peace.-George Orwell,
He never went out without a book under his arm, and he often came back with two.-Victor Hugo,
All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren't.-Marilyn Monroe
