You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.-Kahlil Gibran,
Hold fast to dreams,-Langston Hughes
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.-John Lennon
Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.-Neil Gaiman,
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.-Dalai Lama XIV
Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting.-John Green
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.-Edgar Allan Poe
What a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than a person.-John Green,
The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us.-C.S. Lewis
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.-J.K. Rowling,
I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.-Stephenie Meyer,
Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure.-J.K. Rowling,
The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you.-Markus Zusak,
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.-Gustave Flaubert
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.-Albert Camus
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.-Mahatma Gandhi,
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.-J.K. Rowling,
Peace begins with a smile..-Mother Teresa
Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love.-Fyodor Dostoevsky,
So, I guess we are who we are for alot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try to feel okay about them.-Stephen Chbosky,
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you really are.-H.N. Turteltaub,
Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. (...) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.-John Green,
You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together.-Nicholas Sparks,
You are, and always have been, my dream.-Nicholas Sparks,
Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?"-J.K. Rowling,
You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right times. But in the end, it's always their actions you should judge them by. It's actions, not words, that matter.-Nicholas Sparks,
You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit.-Oscar Wilde,
I would always rather be happy than dignified.-Charlotte Brontë,
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.-C.S. Lewis,
