"“Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.”" - John Green,
"“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”" - George Bernard Shaw
"“All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.”" - Charles M. Schulz
"“Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.”" - Jim Henson
"“Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?”" - J.K. Rowling,
"“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”" - Dr. Seuss,
"“I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.”" - Woody Allen
"“If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.”" - Oscar Wilde
"“To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”" - J.K. Rowling,
"“It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all—in which case, you fail by default.”" - J.K. Rowling
"“If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.”" - Albert Einstein
"“I'm in love with you," he said quietly." - John Green,
"“Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.”" - Albert Einstein
"“I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough..”" - Nicholas Sparks,
"“Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.”" - Paul   Terry
"“Have you fallen in love with the wrong person yet?'" - Cassandra Clare,
"“Sometimes people are beautiful." - Markus Zusak,
"“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.”" - Bob Marley
"“Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind; And therefore is wing'd Cupid painted blind. Nor hath love's mind of any judgment taste; Wings and no eyes figure unheedy haste: And therefore is love said to be a child, Because in choice he is so oft beguil'd.”" - William Shakespeare,
"“You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world...but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices.”" - John Green,
"“Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.”" - Abraham Lincoln
"“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”" - Dr. Seuss,
"“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”" - Theodore Roosevelt
"“There is no friend as loyal as a book.”" - Ernest Hemingway
"“The story so far:" - Douglas Adams,
"“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”" - Winston S. Churchill
"“One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.”" - Bob Marley
"“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”" - Groucho Marx
"“Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.”" - Nicholas Sparks,
"“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”" - Helen Keller
