I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.-Louisa May Alcott,
You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful.-John Green,
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.-Dorothy Parker
Yes, I was infatuated with you: I am still. No one has ever heightened such a keen capacity of physical sensation in me. I cut you out because I couldn't stand being a passing fancy. Before I give my body, I must give my thoughts, my mind, my dreams. And you weren't having any of those.-Sylvia Plath,
My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.-Abraham Lincoln
The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless unremembered acts of kindness and love.-William Wordsworth,
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.-Victor Hugo,
Art and love are the same thing: It’s the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you.-Chuck Klosterman,
Don't feel bad for one moment about doing what brings you joy.-Sarah J. Maas,
You won’t understand what I mean now, but someday you will: the only trick of friendship, I think, is to find people who are better than you are—not smarter, not cooler, but kinder, and more generous, and more forgiving—and then to appreciate them for what they can teach you, and to try to listen to them when they tell you something about yourself, no matter how bad—or good—it might be, and to trust them, which is the hardest thing of all. But the best, as well.-Hanya Yanagihara,
Don't tell me," Jace said, "Simon's turned himself into an ocelot and you want me to do something about it before Isabelle makes him into a stole. Well, you'll have have to wait till tomorrow. I'm out of commission." He pointed at himself - he was wearing blue pajamas with a hole in the sleeve. "Look. Jammies."-Cassandra Clare,
There is no such thing as bad people. We’re all just people who sometimes do bad things.-Colleen Hoover,
This is what you shall do; Love the earth and sun and the animals, despise riches, give alms to every one that asks, stand up for the stupid and crazy, devote your income and labor to others, hate tyrants, argue not concerning God, have patience and indulgence toward the people, take off your hat to nothing known or unknown or to any man or number of men, go freely with powerful uneducated persons and with the young and with the mothers of families, read these leaves in the open air every season of every year of your life, re-examine all you have been told at school or church or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your own soul, and your very flesh shall be a great poem and have the richest fluency not only in its words but in the silent lines of its lips and face and between the lashes of your eyes and in every motion and joint of your body.-Walt Whitman
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.-David Byrne
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.-Irina Dunn
I am made of memories.-Madeline Miller,
Winter is coming.-George R.R. Martin,
If I had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense. Nothing would be what it is, because everything would be what it isn't. And contrary wise, what is, it wouldn't be. And what it wouldn't be, it would. You see?-Lewis Carroll,
let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences-Sylvia Plath,
She was the heir of ash and fire, and she would bow to no one.-Sarah J. Maas,
I meant," said Ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile?"-Terry Pratchett,
I like good strong words that mean something…-Louisa May Alcott,
Fools talk, cowards are silent, wise men listen.-Carlos Ruiz Zafon,
I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.-Tahereh Mafi,
Every now and then I like to do as I'm told, just to confuse people.-Tamora Pierce,
Lighthouses don’t go running all over an island looking for boats to save; they just stand there shining.-Anne Lamott
Don't be so humble - you are not that great.-Golda Meir
Maybe there is a beast… maybe it's only us.-William Golding,
Kindred spirits are not so scarce as I used to think. It's splendid to find out there are so many of them in the world.-L.M. Montgomery,
It's possible to go on, no matter how impossible it seems, and that in time, the grief . . . lessens. It may not go away completely, but after a while it's not so overwhelming.-Nicholas Sparks,
