The spell. Victor said you had to want me... to care about me... for it to work." When he didn't say anything, I tried to grip his shirt, but my fingers were too weak. "Did you? Did you want me?"-Richelle Mead,
Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true.-E.Y. Harburg
When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one's self, and one always ends by deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.-Oscar Wilde,
You must write every single day of your life... You must lurk in libraries and climb the stacks like ladders to sniff books like perfumes and wear books like hats upon your crazy heads... may you be in love every day for the next 20,000 days. And out of that love, remake a world.-Ray Bradbury
One word-Sophocles
Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.-Joyce Carol Oates
1. Be Impeccable With Your Word-Don Miguel Ruiz
Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart.-Paulo Coelho,
We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams.-Arthur William Edgar O'Shaughnessy,
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks,-Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
I think that we're all mentally ill. Those of us outside the asylums only hide it a little better - and maybe not all that much better after all.-Stephen King
Friendship- my definition- is built on two things. Respect and trust. Both elements have to be there. And it has to be mutual. You can have respect for someone, but if you don't have trust, the friendship will crumble.-Stieg Larsson,
Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward.-E.E. Cummings
The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history.-George Orwell
Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. Truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world.-Neil Gaiman,
Is it possible for home to be a person and not a place?-Stephanie Perkins,
May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They’re there to stop the other people.-Randy Pausch,
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.-Roy T. Bennett,
A library is infinity under a roof.-Gail Carson Levine
You can make anything by writing.-C.S. Lewis
Books, she has found, are a way to live a thousand lives--or to find strength in a very long one.-V.E. Schwab,
A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice.-Bill Cosby
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.-C.S. Lewis,
I am too intelligent, too demanding, and too resourceful for anyone to be able to take charge of me entirely. No one knows me or loves me completely. I have only myself-Simone de Beauvoir
I have for the first time found what I can truly love–I have found you. You are my sympathy–my better self–my good angel–I am bound to you with a strong attachment. I think you good, gifted, lovely: a fervent, a solemn passion is conceived in my heart; it leans to you, draws you to my centre and spring of life, wrap my existence about you–and, kindling in pure, powerful flame, fuses you and me in one.-Charlotte Bronte,
[D]on't ever apologise to an author for buying something in paperback, or taking it out from a library (that's what they're there for.-Neil Gaiman
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively.-Bob Marley
Make your mistakes, take your chances, look silly, but keep on going. Don’t freeze up.-Thomas Wolfe,
I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.-James Baldwin,
