Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed.-Friedrich Nietzsche
But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.-Martin Luther King, Jr.
If you look for perfection, you'll never be content.-Leo Tolstoy,
Books are the mirrors of the soul.-Virginia Woolf,
I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.-Maya Angelou
Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books that are now written in a very foreign tongue. Do not now seek the answers, which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them. And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now. Perhaps you will then gradually, without noticing it, live along some distant day into the answer.-Rainer Maria Rilke
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.-Mahatma Gandhi
And perhaps it is the greater grief, after all, to be left on earth when another is gone.-Madeline Miller,
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.-Robert Louis Stevenson
It kills me sometimes, how people die.-Markus Zusak,
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.-E. E. Cummings
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.-George Burns
It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.-Vincent Van Gogh
Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.-Paulo Coelho,
Peter would probably throw a party if I stopped breathing.'-Veronica Roth,
Nobody likes being alone that much. I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. It just leads to disappointment.-Haruki Murakami,
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.-Roy T. Bennett,
My dear,-Kinky Friedman
You are the answer to every prayer I've offered. You are a song, a dream, a whisper, and I don't know how I could have lived without you for as long as I have.-Nicholas Sparks,
I hate to hear you talk about all women as if they were fine ladies instead of rational creatures. None of us want to be in calm waters all our lives.-Jane Austen,
Be careful of love. It'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong.-Rick Riordan,
If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible. If he has to make a choice, may he make it now. Then I will either wait for him or forget him.-Paulo Coelho,
I read so I can live more than one life in more than one place.-Anne Tyler
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.-Charles Dickens,
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart-Helen Keller
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.-Marcus Aurelius,
I don’t know if you’ve ever felt like that. That you wanted to sleep for a thousand years. Or just not exist. Or just not be aware that you do exist. Or something like that. I think wanting that is very morbid, but I want it when I get like this. That’s why I’m trying not to think. I just want it all to stop spinning.-Stephen Chbosky,
None of us really changes over time. We only become more fully what we are.-Anne Rice,
I think... if it is true that-Leo Tolstoy,
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.-Rudyard Kipling
