We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness.-George Orwell,
Behind this mask there is more than just flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea... and ideas are bulletproof.-Alan Moore,
When people say impossible, they usually mean improbable.-Leigh Bardugo,
Demon pox, oh demon pox-Cassandra Clare,
Look at everything always as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time: Thus is your time on earth filled with glory.-Betty Smith,
He was the crazy one who had painted himself black and defeated the world.-Markus Zusak,
I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one.-Marilyn Monroe
When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?-Virginia Woolf
It stops here. With me and you. It ends with us.-Colleen Hoover,
In one aspect, yes, I believe in ghosts, but we create them. We haunt ourselves.-Laurie Halse Anderson,
I guess that's what saying good-bye is always like--like jumping off an edge. The worst part is making the choice to do it. Once you're in the air, there's nothing you can do but let go.-Lauren Oliver,
If books could have more, give more, be more, show more, they would still need readers who bring to them sound and smell and light and all the rest that can’t be in books.-Gary Paulsen,
I think there should be a rule that everyone in the world should get a standing ovation at least once in their lives.-R.J. Palacio,
Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.-Cheris Kramarae
It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.-Ralph Waldo Emerson,
All thinking men are atheists.-Ernest Hemingway,
I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend.-John Green,
I know how devastated you must be to miss me, but leave a message, and I'll try to ease your agony-Richelle Mead,
What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right.-Albert Einstein
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.-Mark Twain
When I look at my life and its secret colours, I feel like bursting into tears.-Albert Camus,
If you're texting Magnus to say 'I think u r kewl,' I'm going to kill you."-Cassandra Clare,
Well-read people are less likely to be evil.-Lemony Snicket,
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.-Walt Disney
Another belief of mine: that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.-Margaret Atwood,
For to know a man's library is, in some measure, to know his mind.-Geraldine Brooks,
Well, she's not responding to my advances," he observed more brightly than he felt, "so she must be dead."-Cassandra Clare,
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.-Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth.-Albert Camus
Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.-Roy T. Bennett
