There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.-Charles Dickens,
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.-William Blake
I was wise enough never to grow up, while fooling people into believing I had.-Margaret Mead
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.-Mark Twain
I had already found that it was not good to be alone, and so made companionship with what there was around me, sometimes with the universe and sometimes with my own insignificant self; but my books were always my friends, let fail all else.-Joshua Slocum,
It is thanks to my evening reading alone that I am still more or less sane.-W.G. Sebald,
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.-Terry Pratchett
If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then I'm neurotic as hell. I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days.-Sylvia Plath,
I knew the second I met you-Jamie McGuire,
My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.-Patricia Highsmith
I am constantly torn between killing myself and killing everyone around me.-David Levithan,
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.-Bette Midler
People who deny the existence of dragons are often eaten by dragons. From within.-Ursula K. Le Guin,
Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?-Douglas Adams,
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.-Jane Goodall
Make your own Bible. Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.-George Carlin
Yes, frosting. The final defense of the dying.-Suzanne Collins,
Never give up... No one knows what's going to happen next.-L. Frank Baum
A good book is an event in my life.-Stendhal,
Peeta, you said at the interview you’d had a crush on me forever. When did forever start?-Suzanne Collins,
!لك شيء في هذا العالم.. فقم-غسان كنفاني
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.-Dr. Seuss
One day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence.-Karen Marie Moning,
There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do.-John Steinbeck,
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.-Alan Watts
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.-Oscar Wilde,
Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall.-Jodi Picoult
He was going to live forever, or die in the attempt.-Joseph Heller,
People worry about kids playing with guns, and teenagers watching violent videos; we are scared that some sort of culture of violence will take them over. Nobody worries about kids listening to thousands - literally thousands - of songs about broken hearts and rejection and pain and misery and loss.-Nick Hornby,
