The marks humans leave are too often scars.-John Green,
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.-Jane Austen,
Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it.-Suzanne Collins,
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.-C.S. Lewis
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.-Kurt Vonnegut,
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.-Marianne Williamson,
To die will be an awfully big adventure.-J.M. Barrie,
And in that moment, I swear we were infinite.-Stephen Chbosky,
Books are a uniquely portable magic.-Stephen King,
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.-Albert Einstein
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.-Lewis Carroll
What a slut time is. She screws everybody.-John Green,
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.-Oscar Wilde,
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.-Jimi Hendrix,
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.-E.E. Cummings
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.-Khaled Hosseini
You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.-Madeleine L'Engle
So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday.-Nicholas Sparks,
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.-C.S. Lewis
We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.-Veronica Roth,
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.-Mark Twain
Books are the ultimate Dumpees: put them down and they’ll wait for you forever; pay attention to them and they always love you back.-John Green,
... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.-George R.R. Martin,
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.-Linda Grayson
[Dean] My dear fellow, who will let you?-Ayn Rand,
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.-Haruki Murakami,
There are infinite numbers between 0 and 1. There's .1 and .12 and .112 and an infinite collection of others. Of course, there is a bigger infinite set of numbers between 0 and 2, or between 0 and a million. Some infinities are bigger than other infinities. A writer we used to like taught us that. There are days, many of them, when I resent the size of my unbounded set. I want more numbers than I'm likely to get, and God, I want more numbers for Augustus Waters than he got. But, Gus, my love, I cannot tell you how thankful I am for our little infinity. I wouldn't trade it for the world. You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful.-John Green,
The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.-J.K. Rowling,
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.-Mark Twain
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.-Mark Twain
