But the Hebrew word, the word timshel—‘Thou mayest’— that gives a choice. It might be the most important word in the world. That says the way is open. That throws it right back on a man. For if ‘Thou mayest’—it is also true that ‘Thou mayest not.-John Steinbeck,
Spring is the time of plans and projects.-Leo Tolstoy,
Silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way.-Jane Austen,
The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.-C. JoyBell C.
There is no point treating a depressed person as though she were just feeling sad, saying, 'There now, hang on, you'll get over it.' Sadness is more or less like a head cold- with patience, it passes. Depression is like cancer.-Barbara Kingsolver,
I don't suffer from my insanity -- I enjoy every minute of it.-Sherrilyn Kenyon,
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.-Albert Einstein
I clench his hands to the point of pain. "Stay with me."-Suzanne Collins,
Push yourself. Don't Settle. Just live well. Just LIVE.-Jojo Moyes,
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?-George Carlin
If we listened to our intellect we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go in business because we'd be cynical: "It's gonna go wrong." Or "She's going to hurt me." Or,"I've had a couple of bad love affairs, so therefore . . ." Well, that's nonsense. You're going to miss life. You've got to jump off the cliff all the time and build your wings on the way down.-Ray Bradbury
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity-Albert Einstein
People are capable, at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of.-Paulo Coelho,
Holding people away from you, and denying yourself love, that doesn't make you strong. if anything, it makes you weaker. Because you're doing it out of fear.-Sarah Dessen,
If you let people into your life a little bit, they can be pretty damn amazing.-Sherman Alexie,
Nothing on earth can make up for the loss of one who has loved you.-Selma Lagerlöf
Question everything. Your love, your religion, your passion. If you don't have questions, you'll never find answers.-Colleen Hoover,
It may help to understand human affairs to be clear that most of the great triumphs and tragedies of history are caused, not by people being fundamentally good or fundamentally bad, but by people being fundamentally people.-Neil Gaiman,
If I should have a daughter…Instead of Mom, she’s gonna call me Point B. Because that way, she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me. And I’m going to paint the solar system on the back of her hands so that she has to learn the entire universe before she can say Oh, I know that like the back of my hand.-Sarah Kay
I don’t know what’s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you’ve always wanted to be, and feel alone.-Daniel Keyes,
Sleep, those little slices of death — how I loathe them.-Edgar Allan Poe
sex is the consolation you have when you can't have love-Gabriel García Márquez
Threats are the last resort of a man with no vocabulary.-Tamora Pierce,
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.-James Baldwin
Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent. To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring--it was peace.-Milan Kundera
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.-Robert Frost
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.-Lewis Carroll
My only love sprung from my only hate!-William Shakespeare
Never attempt to teach a pig to sing; it wastes your time and annoys the pig.-Robert Heinlein,
