The saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all. Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand, and without them, any happiness is only temporary, because there's nothing to make it last.-Nicholas Sparks,
That's why when major badasses greet each other in movies, they don't say anything, they just nod. The nod means, 'I' am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass,' but they don't say anything because they're Wolverine and Magneto and it would mess up their vibe to explain.-Cassandra Clare,
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but only saps today of its strength.-A.J. Cronin
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.-William Wordsworth
If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.-Nicholas Sparks
How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.-Kurt Vonnegut,
Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.-Roy T. Bennett,
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.-Steve Maraboli
When I was a child, adults would tell me not to make things up, warning me of what would happen if I did. As far as I can tell so far, it seems to involve lots of foreign travel and not having to get up too early in the morning.-Neil Gaiman,
Let our scars fall in love.-Galway Kinnell
If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.-Lev Grossman,
You can't stop the future-Jay Asher,
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.-Marilyn Monroe
But in a solitary life, there are rare moments when another soul dips near yours, as stars once a year brush the earth. Such a constellation was he to me.-Madeline Miller,
It is a good rule after reading a new book, never to allow yourself another new one till you have read an old one in between.-C.S. Lewis
We've got to live, no matter how many skies have fallen.-D.H. Lawrence,
- "Why don't you like to be touched?"-E.L. James,
A word after a word after a word is power.-Margaret Atwood
Nobody tells this to people who are beginners, I wish someone told me. All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff, it’s just not that good. It’s trying to be good, it has potential, but it’s not. But your taste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people never get past this phase, they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative work went through years of this. We know our work doesn’t have this special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know its normal and the most important thing you can do is do a lot of work. Put yourself on a deadline so that every week you will finish one story. It is only by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and your work will be as good as your ambitions. And I took longer to figure out how to do this than anyone I’ve ever met. It’s gonna take awhile. It’s normal to take awhile. You’ve just gotta fight your way through.-Ira Glass
Here is a lesson in creative writing. First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you've been to college.-Kurt Vonnegut,
If you want to find out what a man is to the bottom, give him power. Any man can stand adversity — only a great man can stand prosperity. It is the glory of Abraham Lincoln that he never abused power only on the side of mercy-Robert Ingersoll
I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.-Edna St. Vincent Millay
I fell in love with him. But I don't just stay with him by default as if there's no one else available to me. I stay with him because I choose to, every day that I wake up, every day that we fight or lie to each other or disappoint each other. I choose him over and over again, and he chooses me.-Veronica Roth,
It wouldn't be my move," Jace agreed. "First the candy and flowers, then the apology letters, then the ravenous demon hordes. In that order.-Cassandra Clare,
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.-Daniel J. Boorstin
If you know someone who’s depressed, please resolve never to ask them why. Depression isn’t a straightforward response to a bad situation; depression just is, like the weather.-Stephen Fry
It was a mistake," you said. But the cruel thing was, it felt like the mistake was mine, for trusting you.-David Levithan,
All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.-Mitch Albom,
Don’t try to make life a mathematics problem with yourself in the center and everything coming out equal. When you’re good, bad things can still happen. And if you’re bad, you can still be lucky.-Barbara Kingsolver,
If you would tell me the heart of a man, tell me not what he reads, but what he rereads.-Francois Mauriac
