When I say it's you I like, I'm talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than anything you can ever see or hear or touch. That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which humankind cannot survive. Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed.-Fred Rogers
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.-Marie Curie
If I am really a part of your dream, you'll come back one day.-Paulo Coelho
I can't eat and I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?-Ned Vizzini,
The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear-Aung San Suu Kyi
The voice of the sea speaks to the soul.-Kate Chopin,
Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive.-Rainbow Rowell,
Second star to the right and straight on 'til morning.-J.M. Barrie,
In my next life I want to live my life backwards. You start out dead and get that out of the way. Then you wake up in an old people's home feeling better every day. You get kicked out for being too healthy, go collect your pension, and then when you start work, you get a gold watch and a party on your first day. You work for 40 years until you're young enough to enjoy your retirement. You party, drink alcohol, and are generally promiscuous, then you are ready for high school. You then go to primary school, you become a kid, you play. You have no responsibilities, you become a baby until you are born. And then you spend your last 9 months floating in luxurious spa-like conditions with central heating and room service on tap, larger quarters every day and then Voila! You finish off as an orgasm!-Woody Allen
I get a warm feeling among my books.-Anthony Powell
He awoke each morning with the desire to do right, to be a good and meaningful person, to be, as simple as it sounded and as impossible as it actually was, happy. And during the course of each day his heart would descend from his chest into his stomach. By early afternoon he was overcome by the feeling that nothing was right, or nothing was right for him, and by the desire to be alone. By evening he was fulfilled: alone in the magnitude of his grief, alone in his aimless guilt, alone even in his loneliness.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
Whenever you feel like criticizing any one...just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.-F. Scott Fitzgerald
Sorrow is how we learn to love. Your heart isn't breaking. It hurts because it's getting larger. The larger it gets, the more love it holds.-Rita Mae Brown,
Our lives are not our own. We are bound to others, past and present, and by each crime and every kindness, we birth our future.-David Mitchell,
If you liked being a teenager, there's something really wrong with you.-Stephen King
You only live twice:-Ian Fleming,
Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.-Rumi Jalalud-Din
We shouldn't be looking for heroes, we should be looking for good ideas.-Noam Chomsky
Never marry at all, Dorian. Men marry because they are tired, women, because they are curious: both are disappointed.-Oscar Wilde,
But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.-George Orwell,
أي علم هذا الذي لم يستطع حتى الآن أن يضع أصوات من نحب في أقراص ، أو زجاجة دواء نتناولها سرًّا ، عندما نصاب بوعكة عاطفية بدون أن يدري صاحبها كم نحن نحتاجه-أحلام مستغانمي,
Trains are great dirty smoky things," said Will. "You won't like it."-Cassandra Clare,
The only lies for which we are truly punished are those we tell ourselves.-V. S. Naipaul,
If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.-George S. Patton
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.-Anne Frank
Nothing behind me, everything ahead of me, as is ever so on the road.-Jack Kerouac,
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.-J.K. Rowling,
The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter.-Paulo Coelho,
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.-Mark Twain
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.-Lucius Annaeus Seneca
