My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.-Abraham Lincoln
Whenever you read a cancer booklet or website or whatever, they always list depression among the side effects of cancer. But, in fact, depression is not a side effect of cancer. Depression is a side effect of dying.-John Green,
And I guess I realized at that moment that I really did love her. Because there was nothing to gain, and that didn't matter.-Stephen Chbosky,
The pleasure of remembering had been taken from me, because there was no longer anyone to remember with. It felt like losing your co-rememberer meant losing the memory itself, as if the things we'd done were less real and important than they had been hours before.-John Green,
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.-Maya Angelou
Crying is for plain women. Pretty women go shopping.-Oscar Wilde
I like to see people reunited, I like to see people run to each other, I like the kissing and the crying, I like the impatience, the stories that the mouth can't tell fast enough, the ears that aren't big enough, the eyes that can't take in all of the change, I like the hugging, the bringing together, the end of missing someone.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.-Lemony Snicket,
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.-Oscar Wilde
That's what careless words do. They make people love you a little less.-Arundhati Roy,
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.-Stephanie Perkins,
There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they'll take you.-Beatrix Potter
Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.-Lois McMaster Bujold,
My soul will find yours.-Jude Deveraux,
Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!-J.K. Rowling,
Try a little harder to be a little better.-Gordon B. Hinckley
I want you always to remember me. Will you remember that I existed, and that I stood next to you here like this?-Haruki Murakami,
Let me give you a piece of advice. The handsome young fellow who's trying to rescue you from a hideous fate is never wrong. Not even if he says the sky is purple and made of hedgehogs.-Cassandra Clare,
When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.-Paulo Coelho,
Ah, my daughter,ʺ he said. ʺEighteen, and already youʹve been accused of murder, aided felons, and acquired a death count higher than most guardians will ever see.ʺ He paused. ʺI couldnʹt be prouder.-Richelle Mead,
Don't let the bastards grind you down.-Margaret Atwood,
You could have fooled me. Everytime I called you, Luke said you were sick. I figured you were avoiding me. Again."-Cassandra Clare,
those who escape hell-Charles Bukowski
Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before! What if Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. What if Christmas...perhaps...means a little bit more!-Dr. Seuss,
Peeta, how come I never know when you're having a nightmare? I say.-Suzanne Collins,
There is only one page left to write on. I will fill it with words of only one syllable. I love. I have loved. I will love.-Dodie Smith,
To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.-Roy T. Bennett
I'm a business man," he'd told her. "No more, no less."-Leigh Bardugo,
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.-Santosh Kalwar,
She had always wanted words, she loved them; grew up on them. Words gave her clarity, brought reason, shape.-Michael Ondaatje,
