So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.-Stephen Chbosky,
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.-Mother Teresa
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.-Jane Austen,
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.-Shel Silverstein
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.-Albert Einstein
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.-Charles Bukowski
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.-Joan Powers,
People think a soul mate is your perfect fit, and that's what everyone wants. But a true soul mate is a mirror, the person who shows you everything that is holding you back, the person who brings you to your own attention so you can change your life.-Elizabeth Gilbert,
You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.-Jodi Picoult,
What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.-J.D. Salinger,
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.-Anais Nin
Saying 'I notice you're a nerd' is like saying, 'Hey, I notice that you'd rather be intelligent than be stupid, that you'd rather be thoughtful than be vapid, that you believe that there are things that matter more than the arrest record of Lindsay Lohan. Why is that?' In fact, it seems to me that most contemporary insults are pretty lame. Even 'lame' is kind of lame. Saying 'You're lame' is like saying 'You walk with a limp.' Yeah, whatever, so does 50 Cent, and he's done all right for himself.-John Green
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.-J.K. Rowling,
If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.-Marilyn Monroe
The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.-Alexandre Dumas-fils
We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love.-Robert Fulghum,
Not all those who wander are lost.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.-Oscar Wilde
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.-Alfred Tennyson
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.-Terry Pratchett,
Do one thing every day that scares you.-Eleanor Roosevelt
I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.-Virginia Woolf,
You don’t-Walter M. Miller Jr.,
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.-John Green,
One must always be careful of books," said Tessa, "and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.-Cassandra Clare,
Reality continues to ruin my life.-Bill Watterson,
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.-Marthe Troly-Curtin,
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.-Stephen Chbosky,
I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.-Toni Morrison
