I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun.-Jane Austen,
It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on.-Marilyn Monroe
I'm not saying that everything is survivable. Just that everything except the last thing is.-John Green,
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.-maya angelou
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn’t know.-Mark Twain
So please, oh please, we beg, we pray,-Roald Dahl,
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.-Benjamin Franklin
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.-Mark Twain
Once on a yellow piece of paper with green lines-Stephen Chbosky,
You could have had anything else in the world, and you asked for me."-Cassandra Clare,
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?-Albert Camus
My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky.-Alan Moore
Not my daughter, you bitch!-J.K. Rowling,
Turn your wounds into wisdom.-Oprah Winfrey
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.-Arthur C. Clarke
Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.-Nicholas Sparks,
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.-Robert Frost
Books may well be the only true magic.-Alice Hoffman
Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
When you're struggling with something, look at all the people around you and realize that every single person you see is struggling with something, and to them, it's just as hard as what you're going through.-Nicholas Sparks,
Happiness is a warm puppy.-Charles M. Schulz
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.-Roy T. Bennett,
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existence. One cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of eternity, of life, of the marvelous structure of reality. It is enough if one tries merely to comprehend a little of this mystery each day.-Albert Einstein
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.-Roy T. Bennett,
You said you were going for a walk!? What kind of walk takes six hours?"-Cassandra Clare,
Kiss me, and you will see how important I am.-Sylvia Plath,
Each day means a new twenty-four hours. Each day means everything's possible again. You live in the moment, you die in the moment, you take it all one day at a time.-Marie Lu,
When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.-Arthur Conan Doyle,
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.-Winston S. Churchill
Many boys will bring you flowers. But someday you'll meet a boy who will learn your favorite flower, your favorite song, your favorite sweet. And even if he is too poor to give you any of them, it won't matter because he will have taken the time to know you as no one else does. Only that boy earns your heart.-Leigh Bardugo,
