Can you be a girl for a few seconds?"-Veronica Roth,
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.-Ben Okri
Damn, Claire. Warn a guy before you do a face-plant on the floor next time. I could have looked all heroic and caught you or something -Shane-Rachel Caine,
You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we don't recall them more clearly in times of great trouble?-J.K. Rowling,
I address you all tonight for who you truly are: wizards, mermaids, travelers, adventurers, and magicians. You are the true dreamers.-Brian Selznick,
People, generally, suck.-Christopher Moore,
One must dare to be happy.-Gertrude Stein
How happy is the blameless vestal’s lot!-Alexander Pope,
I just want to be wonderful.-Marilyn Monroe
I like it when a flower or a little tuft of grass grows through a crack in the concrete. It's so fuckin' heroic.-George Carlin
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?-Albert Einstein
None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward. Because we trust. Because we have faith.-Paulo Coelho
I feel free and strong. If I were not a reader of books I could not feel this way.-Walter Tevis
I find out a lot about myself by sleeping. Dreams, they are who I am when I’m too tired to be me.-Jarod Kintz,
That's what fiction is for. It's for getting at the truth when the truth isn't sufficient for the truth.-Tim O'Brien
Demons run when a good man goes to war-Steven Moffat
It crosses my mind that Cinna's calm and normal demeanor masks a complete madman.-Suzanne Collins,
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.-Mahatma Gandhi
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.-Mother Teresa
What do you fear, lady?" [Aragorn] asked.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
All humans make mistakes. What determines a person's character aren't the mistakes we make. It's how we take those mistakes and turn them into lessons rather than excuses.-Colleen Hoover,
If Peeta and I were both to die, or they thought we were....My fingers fumble with the pouch on my belt, freeing it. Peeta sees it and his hand clamps on my wrist. "No, I won't let you." "Trust me," I whisper. He holds my gaze for a long moment then lets go. I loosen the top of the pouch and pour a few spoonfuls of berries into his palm. Then I fill my own. "On the count of three?" Peeta leans down and kisses me once, very gently. "The count of three," he says. We stand, our backs pressed together, our empty hands locked tight. "Hold them out. I want everyone to see," he says. I spread out my fingers, and the dark berries glisten in the sun. I give Peeta's hand one last squeeze as a signal, as a good-bye, and we begin counting. "One." Maybe I'm wrong. "Two." Maybe they don't care if we both die. "Three!" It's too late to change my mind. I lift my hand to my mouth taking one last look at the world. The berries have just passed my lips when the trumpets begin to blare. The frantic voice of Claudius Templesmith shouts above them. "Stop! Stop! Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victors of the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark! I give you - the tributes of District 12!-Suzanne Collins,
We are travelers on a cosmic journey,stardust,swirling and dancing in the eddies and whirlpools of infinity. Life is eternal. We have stopped for a moment to encounter each other, to meet, to love, to share.This is a precious moment. It is a little parenthesis in eternity.-Paulo Coelho,
A man should hear a little music, read a little poetry, and see a fine picture every day of his life, in order that worldly cares may not obliterate the sense of the beautiful which God has implanted in the human soul.-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.-Nora Roberts
So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.-E.A. Bucchianeri,
The past beats inside me like a second heart.-John Banville,
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.-Chaim Potok,
الحداد ليس في ما نرتديه بل في ما نراه . إنّه يكمن في نظرتنا-أحلام مستغانمي,
Life before Death.-Brandon Sanderson,
