It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.-Confucius
I'm not sentimental--I'm as romantic as you are. The idea, you know,-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.-George Orwell,
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.-John Lennon
-Cassandra Clare,
Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.-A.A. Milne
The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.-Albert Einstein
He was my mum and dad's best friend. He's a convicted murderer, but he's broken out of wizard prison and he's on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though...keep up with my news...check if I'm happy...-J.K. Rowling,
If I'd observed all the rules I'd never have got anywhere.-Marilyn Monroe
If things start happening, don't worry, don't stew, just go right along and you'll start happening too.-Dr. Seuss
People have forgotten this truth," the fox said. "But you mustn’t forget it. You become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. You’re responsible for your rose.-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.-C.S. Lewis
And I asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much was mine to keep.-Kurt Vonnegut,
Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see.-Edgar Allan Poe
The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.-W.B. Yeats
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.-T.S. Eliot
Books are easily destroyed. But words will live as long as people can remember them.-Tahereh Mafi,
Creativity is intelligence having fun.-Albert Einstein
Do not go gentle into that good night.-Dylan Thomas,
Your beliefs become your thoughts,-Gandhi
My tongue will tell the anger of my heart, or else my heart concealing it will break.-William Shakespeare,
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.-Terry Pratchett,
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.-Lewis Carroll ,
What are all these?" Clary asked.-Cassandra Clare,
Most books on witchcraft will tell you that witches work naked. This is because most books on witchcraft were written by men.-Neil Gaiman
Did you know that for pretty much the entire history of the human species, the average life span was less than thirty years? You could count on ten years or so of real adulthood, right? There was no planning for retirement, There was no planning for a career. There was no planning. No time for plannning. No time for a future. But then the life spans started getting longer, and people started having more and more future. And now life has become the future. Every moment of your life is lived for the future--you go to high school so you can go to college so you can get a good job so you can get a nice house so you can afford to send your kids to college so they can get a good job so they can get a nice house so they can afford to send their kids to college.-John Green,
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.-Terry Pratchett,
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.-Oscar Wilde,
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.-George Carlin
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.-Sharon Salzberg
