The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.-Mahatma Gandhi
Will rolled up his sleeves. "We'll probably have to knock down the door--"-Cassandra Clare,
So light a fire!" Harry choked. "Yes...of course...but there's no wood!" ...-J.K. Rowling,
I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become.-Carl Gustav Jung
Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present.-Albert Camus,
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.-Arthur Conan Doyle,
I am a forest, and a night of dark trees: but he who is not afraid of my darkness, will find banks full of roses under my cypresses.-Friedrich Nietzsche,
I like this place and could willingly waste my time in it.-William Shakespeare
Have you tried talking to her?"-Cassandra Clare,
You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.-Neil Gaiman,
Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy-Ludwig van Beethoven
That which you believe becomes your world.-Richard Matheson,
One should always be drunk. That's all that matters...But with what? With wine, with poetry, or with virtue, as you chose. But get drunk.-Charles Baudelaire,
The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.-George R.R. Martin,
Being with you never felt wrong. It's the one thing I did right. You're the one thing I did right.-Becca Fitzpatrick,
The role of a writer is not to say what we can all say, but what we are unable to say.-Anais Nin
Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting.-Haruki Murakami,
A girl calls and asks, "Does it hurt very much to die?"-Chuck Palahniuk,
When you read a book, you hold another's mind in your hands.-James Burke
I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.-Pablo Neruda,
To die, it's easy. But you have to struggle for life.-Art Spiegelman,
Freedom (n.): To ask nothing. To expect nothing. To depend on nothing.-Ayn Rand,
But until a person can say deeply and honestly, "I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday," that person cannot say, "I choose otherwise.-Stephen R. Covey,
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.-Mother Teresa
Humor is reason gone mad.-Groucho Marx
If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn't love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.-Emily Brontë,
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up ’cause they’re looking for ideas.-Paula Poundstone
Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else.-Judy Garland
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.-Groucho Marx
She looked at nice young men as if she could smell their stupidity.-Flannery O'Connor
