If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?-Laurence J. Peter
You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read. It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, who had ever been alive.-James Baldwin
I am not young enough to know everything.-Oscar Wilde
I might be in love with you." He smiles a little. "I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though.-Veronica Roth,
You get a little moody sometimes but I think that's because you like to read. People that like to read are always a little fucked up.-Pat Conroy,
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.-Mark Twain
There are no good girls gone wrong - just bad girls found out.-Mae West
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.-Phyllis Diller
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..-John Milton,
Do you remember back at the hotel when you promised that if we lived, you’d get dressed up in a nurse’s outfit and give me a sponge bath?" asked Jace.-Cassandra Clare,
I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes...you're Doing Something.-Neil Gaiman
I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.-Henry David Thoreau,
We live and breathe words. .... It was books that made me feel that perhaps I was not completely alone. They could be honest with me, and I with them. Reading your words, what you wrote, how you were lonely sometimes and afraid, but always brave; the way you saw the world, its colors and textures and sounds, I felt--I felt the way you thought, hoped, felt, dreamt. I felt I was dreaming and thinking and feeling-Cassandra Clare,
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.-Stephen King
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.-George Orwell
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.-Albert Einstein
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.-William Shakespeare,
Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth.-Fyodor Dostoevsky,
I've never been lonely. I've been in a room -- I've felt suicidal. I've been depressed. I've felt awful -- awful beyond all -- but I never felt that one other person could enter that room and cure what was bothering me...or that any number of people could enter that room. In other words, loneliness is something I've never been bothered with because I've always had this terrible itch for solitude. It's being at a party, or at a stadium full of people cheering for something, that I might feel loneliness. I'll quote Ibsen, "The strongest men are the most alone." I've never thought, "Well, some beautiful blonde will come in here and give me a fuck-job, rub my balls, and I'll feel good." No, that won't help. You know the typical crowd, "Wow, it's Friday night, what are you going to do? Just sit there?" Well, yeah. Because there's nothing out there. It's stupidity. Stupid people mingling with stupid people. Let them stupidify themselves. I've never been bothered with the need to rush out into the night. I hid in bars, because I didn't want to hide in factories. That's all. Sorry for all the millions, but I've never been lonely. I like myself. I'm the best form of entertainment I have. Let's drink more wine!-Charles Bukowski
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.-George Bernard Shaw
I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.-Harper Lee,
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.-Jerome K. Jerome
You could rattle the stars," she whispered. "You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most.-Sarah J. Maas,
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.-Maya Angelou
It is a curious thing, the death of a loved one. We all know that our time in this world is limited, and that eventually all of us will end up underneath some sheet, never to wake up. And yet it is always a surprise when it happens to someone we know. It is like walking up the stairs to your bedroom in the dark, and thinking there is one more stair than there is. Your foot falls down, through the air, and there is a sickly moment of dark surprise as you try and readjust the way you thought of things.-Lemony Snicket,
There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.-Alexandre Dumas
Always do what you are afraid to do.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.-John Lennon
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.-William Shakespear,
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.-Tom Bodett
