Why do beautiful songs make you sad?' 'Because they aren't true.' 'Never?' 'Nothing is beautiful and true.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
I guess by now I should know enough about loss to realize that you never really stop missing someone-you just learn to live around the huge gaping hole of their absence.-Alyson Noel,
Sometimes, the best way to help someone is just to be near them.-Veronica Roth,
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.-Confucius,
The mountains are calling and I must go.-John Muir
A short story is a different thing altogether – a short story is like a quick kiss in the dark from a stranger.-Stephen King,
But I believe in true love, you know? I don't believe that everybody gets to keep their eyes or not get sick or whatever, but everybody should have true love, and it should last at least as long as your life does.-John Green,
In the world I am-Bei Dao
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.-Mother Teresa
There is no such thing as a "broken family." Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents. Families are made in the heart. The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut. If you cut those ties, those people are not your family. If you make those ties, those people are your family. And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you.-C. JoyBell C.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!-William Shakespeare,
If you are a student you should always get a good nights sleep unless you have come to the good part of your book, and then you should stay up all night and let your schoolwork fall by the wayside, a phrase which means 'flunk'.-Lemony Snicket
A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.-Gilles Deleuze,
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.-Dalai Lama XIV
Sometimes you lose a battle. But mischief always wins the war-John Green,
Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.-Roy T. Bennett,
I'm always happy," Sasha said. "Sometimes I just forget.-Jennifer Egan,
If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!-Adolf Hitler
After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations.-Oscar Wilde,
We don’t need a list of rights and wrongs, tables of dos and don’ts: we need books, time, and silence.-Philip Pullman
To survive, you must tell stories.-Umberto Eco,
I want everyone to meet you. You're my favorite person of all time.-Rainbow Rowell,
When you go into the ER, one of the first things they ask you to do is rate your pain on a scale of one to ten, and from there they decide which drugs to use and how quickly to use them. I'd been asked this question hundreds of times over the years, and I remember once early on when I couldn't get my breath and it felt like my chest was on fire, flames licking the inside of my ribs fighting for a way to burn out of my body, my parents took me to the ER. nurse asked me about the pain, and I couldn't even speak, so I held up nine fingers.-John Green,
When they asked me what I wanted to be I said I didn’t know.-Sylvia Plath,
As long as she thinks of a man, nobody objects to a woman thinking.-Virginia Woolf,
This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.-David Nicholls,
The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.-Mark Twain
You never know what life is like, until you have lived it.-Marilyn Monroe
I feel like someone breathed new air into my lungs. I am not Abnegation. I am not Dauntless.-Veronica Roth,
