Burdens are for shoulders strong enough to carry them.-Margaret Mitchell,
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts. I was better after I had cried, than before--more sorry, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.-Charles Dickens,
The truth will set you free. But not until it is finished with you.-David Foster Wallace,
If I’m honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.-Audrey Hepburn
The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it...-Nicholas Sparks,
الكراهية تكلف أكثر من الحب.. لأنها إحساس غير طبيعي.. إحساس عكسي مثل حركة الأجسام ضد جاذبية الأرض.. تحتاج إلى قوة إضافية وتستهلك وقوداً أكثر-مصطفى محمود,
You are not special. You're not a beautiful and unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else. We're all part of the same compost heap. We're all singing, all dancing crap of the world.-Chuck Palahniuk,
Remember if people talk behind your back, it only means you are two steps ahead.-Fannie Flagg,
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.-Mahatma Gandhi
Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.-Bob Dylan
I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.-Alexandre Dumas,
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.-Plato
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.-Robert Louis Stevenson
If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week.-Charles Darwin,
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.-Roy T. Bennett,
Let the first act of every morning be to make the following resolve for the day:-Mahatma Gandhi
If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you.-Terry Pratchett
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.-Edmund Burke
Being a writer is a very peculiar sort of a job: it's always you versus a blank sheet of paper (or a blank screen) and quite often the blank piece of paper wins.-Neil Gaiman
No book can be appreciated until it has been slept with and dreamed over.-Eugene Field
You know, Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help.-Bill Watterson
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.-Steve Jobs
Forbidden to remember, terrified to forget; it was a hard line to walk.-Stephenie Meyer,
Ginny!" said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. "Haven't I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain?-J.K. Rowling,
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.-Andy Warhol,
No sight so sad as that of a naughty child," he began, "especially a naughty little girl. Do you know where the wicked go after death?"-Charlotte Brontë,
Books have to be heavy because the whole world's inside them.-Cornelia Funke,
I will love you always. When this red hair is white, I will still love you. When the smooth softness of youth is replaced by the delicate softness of age, I will still want to touch your skin. When your face is full of the lines of every smile you have ever smiled, of every surprise I have seen flash through your eyes, when every tear you have ever cried has left its mark upon your face,I will treasure you all the more, because I was there to see it all. I will share your life with you, Meredith, and I will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine.-Laurell K. Hamilton,
I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it -- to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once.-Haruki Murakami,
I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.-Ayn Rand,
