The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die.-George R.R. Martin,
Shut your eyes and see.-James Joyce
But I love your feet-Pablo Neruda
To err is human, to forgive, divine.-Alexander Pope,
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.-Mae West
We are all someone's monster.-Leigh Bardugo,
Evil is always possible. And goodness is eternally difficult.-Anne Rice,
It takes courage to love, but pain through love is the purifying fire which those who love generously know. We all know people who are so much afraid of pain that they shut themselves up like clams in a shell and, giving out nothing, receive nothing and therefore shrink until life is a mere living death.-Eleanor Roosevelt
What of Art?-Oscar Wilde ,
Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.-Leo Tolstoy
I guess that’s just part of loving people: You have to give things up. Sometimes you even have to give them up.-Lauren Oliver,
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.-Sigmund Freud
Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man?-Friedrich Nietzsche
I'd rather die my way than live yours.-Lauren Oliver,
You do have a story inside you; it lies articulate and waiting to be written — behind your silence and your suffering.-Anne Rice
They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!-Dr. Seuss
Headline?" he asked.-John Green,
My rapier wit hides my inner pain.-Cassandra Clare
I have faith that God will show you the answer. But you have to understand that sometimes it takes a while to be able to recognize what God wants you to do. That's how it often is. God's voice is usually nothing more than a whisper, and you have to listen very carefully to hear it. But other times, in those rarest of moments, the answer is obvious and rings as loud as a church bell.-Nicholas Sparks,
When we're incomplete, we're always searching for somebody to complete us. When, after a few years or a few months of a relationship, we find that we're still unfulfilled, we blame our partners and take up with somebody more promising. This can go on and on--series polygamy--until we admit that while a partner can add sweet dimensions to our lives, we, each of us, are responsible for our own fulfillment. Nobody else can provide it for us, and to believe otherwise is to delude ourselves dangerously and to program for eventual failure every relationship we enter.-Tom Robbins
Morning is wonderful. Its only drawback is that it comes at such an inconvenient time of day.-Glen Cook,
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.-Epicurus
If the moon smiled, she would resemble you.-Sylvia Plath,
We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.-Oscar Wilde
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.-Kurt Cobain
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.-Carlos Ruiz Zafón,
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.-Friedrich Nietzsche
There is a pleasure in the pathless woods,-Lord Byron
Um...is that thing-Rick Riordan,
It doesn't matter. I have books, new books, and I can bear anything as long as there are books.-Jo Walton,
