The feelings that hurt most, the emotions that sting most, are those that are absurd - The longing for impossible things, precisely because they are impossible; nostalgia for what never was; the desire for what could have been; regret over not being someone else; dissatisfaction with the world’s existence. All these half-tones of the soul’s consciousness create in us a painful landscape, an eternal sunset of what we are.-Fernando Pessoa
The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up.-Albert Einstein
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.-Oscar Wilde
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter-John Keats,
Pity those who don't feel anything at all.-Sarah J. Maas,
I hope that one day you will have the experience of doing something you do not understand for someone you love.-Jonathan Safran Foer,
The only truth is music.-Jack Kerouac
The things you used to own, now they own you.-Chuck Palahniuk,
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.-Marilyn Monroe
The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for one purpose only - and that is to support the ultimate career.-C.S. Lewis
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.-Steve Maraboli,
...you know that a good, long session of weeping can often make you feel better, even if your circumstances have not changed one bit.-Lemony Snicket,
I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?-Stephanie Lennox,
Magnus, standing by the door, snapped his fingers impatiently. "Move it along, teenagers. The only person who gets to canoodle in my bedroom is my magnificent self."-Cassandra Clare,
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.-Frank Zappa
Dignity-Shannon L. Alder
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.-Michel de Montaigne
I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.-Bruce Lee
The earth has its music for those who will listen-Reginald Vincent Holmes,
And then I am going to rattle the stars.-Sarah J. Maas,
Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.-George R.R. Martin,
You might want to lie down," Magnus advised. "I find that it helps when the crushing sense of horrible realization sets in.-Cassandra Clare,
Life starts all over again when it gets crisp in the fall.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.-Cormac McCarthy,
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.-Moliere
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—for ever.-George Orwell,
Do you think that I count the days? There is only one day left, always starting over: it is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.-Jean-Paul Sartre
Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate.-C.G. Jung
The trouble was, I had been inadequate all along, I simply hadn't thought about it.-Sylvia Plath,
Why are you worrying about YOU-KNOW-WHO, when you should be worrying about YOU-NO-POO? The constipation sensation that's gripping the nation!-J.K. Rowling,
