The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!-Jane Austen,
Never laugh at live dragons.-J.R.R. Tolkien
Hope is the thing with feathers-Emily Dickinson
When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.-Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus
Some people care too much. I think it's called love.-A.A. Milne,
Deep in the meadow, hidden far away-Suzanne Collins,
Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly.-Sir Francis Bacon
I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?-John Lennon
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.-Stephen Hawking
I heard what you said. I’m not the silly romantic you think. I don’t want the heavens or the shooting stars. I don’t want gemstones or gold. I have those things already. I want…a steady hand. A kind soul. I want to fall asleep, and wake, knowing my heart is safe. I want to love, and be loved.-Shana Abe
I wanted so badly to lie down next to her on the couch, to wrap my arms around her and sleep. Not fuck, like in those movies. Not even have sex. Just sleep together in the most innocent sense of the phrase. But I lacked the courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating. So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was hurricane.-John Green,
Eating and reading are two pleasures that combine admirably.-C.S. Lewis
Here’s to books, the cheapest vacation you can buy.-Charlaine Harris
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.-Edgar Allan Poe,
Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way.-Charles Bukowski
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.-J.K. Rowling,
You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.-C. JoyBell C.
Reading is one form of escape. Running for your life is another.-Lemony Snicket
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.-Roy T. Bennett,
A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever-Dave Matthews Band
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
I would have come for you. And if I couldn't walk, I'd crawl to you, and no matter how broken we were, we'd fight our way out together-knives drawn, pistols blazing. Because that's what we do. We never stop fighting.-Leigh Bardugo,
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.-Oscar Wilde,
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.-St. Augustine
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.-Albert Einstein
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.-haruki murakami,
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.-Jack Kerouac,
How lucky I am to have known somebody and something that saying goodbye to is so damned awful.-Evans G. Valens,
If you're reading this...-Chad Sugg,
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?-Albert Einstein
