I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.-Fitzgerald F. Scott,
If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.-C. JoyBell C.
Hope-Alfred Lord Tennyson
I fell in love with her courage, her sincerity, and her flaming self respect. And it's these things I'd believe in, even if the whole world indulged in wild suspicions that she wasn't all she should be. I love her and it is the beginning of everything.-F. Scott Fitzgerald
Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure.-Paulo Coelho,
Right now I’m having amnesia and déjà vu at the same time. I think I’ve forgotten this before.-Steven Wright
Don't Panic.-Douglas Adams,
And that's the thing about people who mean everything they say. They think everyone else does too.-Khaled Hosseini,
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.-Italo Calvino,
To see a World in a Grain of Sand-William Blake,
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.-E.L. Doctorow
No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire.-L. Frank Baum,
Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.-Louis L'Amour
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.-Bertrand Russell,
What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.-Mark Twain
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them.-Agatha Christie,
Cinderella? Snow White? What's that? An illness?-J.K. Rowling,
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.-Roy T. Bennett,
The more I see, the less I know for sure.-John Lennon
An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.-Charles Bukowski
All endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.-Mitch Albom,
Books. Cats. Life is Good.-Edward Gorey
You know, one of the tragedies of real life is that there is no background music.-Annie Proulx
I believe the universe wants to be noticed. I think the universe is inprobably biased toward the consciousness, that it rewards intelligence in part because the universe enjoys its elegance being observed. And who am I, living in the middle of history, to tell the universe that it-or my observation of it-is temporary?-John Green,
Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.-Erica Jong
There was nowhere to go but everywhere, so just keep on rolling under the stars.-Jack Kerouac,
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.-C.S. Lewis
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.-Roy T. Bennett,
We all have our time machines, don't we. Those that take us back are memories...And those that carry us forward, are dreams.-H.G. Wells
It was books that made me feel that perhaps I was not completely alone. They could be honest with me, and I with them.-Cassandra Clare,
