Things need not have happened to be true. Tales and dreams are the shadow-truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes, and forgot.-Neil Gaiman,
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.-Martin Luther King Jr.
When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.-Arrigo Boito
Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.-Albert Einstein
I am only responsible for my own heart, you offered yours up for the smashing my darling. Only a fool would give out such a vital organ-Anais Nin
You’re in a car with a beautiful boy, and he won’t tell you that he loves you, but he loves you. And you feel like you’ve done something terrible, like robbed a liquor store, or swallowed pills, or shoveled yourself a grave in the dirt, and you’re tired. You’re in a car with a beautiful boy, and you’re trying not to tell him that you love him, and you’re trying to choke down the feeling, and you’re trembling, but he reaches over and he touches you, like a prayer for which no words exist, and you feel your heart taking root in your body, like you’ve discovered something you didn’t even have a name for.-richard siken
The more one judges, the less one loves.-Honoré de Balzac,
That's the thing about depression: A human being can survive almost anything, as long as she sees the end in sight. But depression is so insidious, and it compounds daily, that it's impossible to ever see the end.-Elizabeth Wurtzel,
Loneliness is the human condition. Cultivate it. The way it tunnels into you allows your soul room to grow. Never expect to outgrow loneliness. Never hope to find people who will understand you, someone to fill that space. An intelligent, sensitive person is the exception, the very great exception. If you expect to find people who will understand you, you will grow murderous with disappointment. The best you'll ever do is to understand yourself, know what it is that you want, and not let the cattle stand in your way.-Janet Fitch,
You are not rich until you have a rich heart.-Roy T. Bennett,
No Mourners.-Leigh Bardugo,
Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.-Bob Marley
If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.-Lawrence Ferlinghetti
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.-Maya Angelou,
One person's craziness is another person's reality.-Tim Burton
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.-Nelson Mandela
I fell in love with her when we were together, then fell deeper in love with her in the years we were apart.-Nicholas Sparks,
It is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really getting interesting.-Lemony Snicket,
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.-Hunter S. Thompson
Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.-C. JoyBell C.
Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.-Mark Twain
I am lonely, yet not everybody will do. I don't know why, some people fill the gaps and others emphasize my loneliness. In reality those who satisfy me are those who simply allow me to live with my ''idea of them.-Anais Nin
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.-Albert Camus
To love another person is to see the face of God.-Victor Hugo,
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.-Chuck Palahniuk,
When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.-J.M. Barrie,
Jace shook his blond head in exasperation.-Cassandra Clare,
I was not a pet, not a doll, not an animal.-Sarah J. Maas,
So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half-asleep, even when they're busy doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.-Mitch Albom,
Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.-Edward Abbey
