Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.-Søren Kierkegaard ,
There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
I am free and that is why I am lost.-Franz Kafka
From childhood's hour I have not been. As others were, I have not seen. As others saw, I could not awaken. My heart to joy at the same tone. And all I loved, I loved alone.-Edgar Allan Poe
There are two means of refuge from the misery of life — music and cats.-Albert Schweitzer
You know how they say you only hurt the ones you love? Well, it works both ways.-Chuck Palahniuk,
He accused me of being Dumbledore's man through and through."-J.K. Rowling,
Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness.-Fyodor Dostoevsky,
It is easy to love people in memory; the hard thing is to love them when they are there in front of you.-John Updike,
The world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive.-Rick Riordan,
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.-Charles Lamb,
You are not entitled to your opinion. You are entitled to your-Harlan Ellison
You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.-Maya Angelou
He was gone, and I did not have time to tell him what I had just now realized: that I forgave him, and that she forgave us, and that we had to forgive to survive in the labyrinth. There were so many of us who would have to live with things done and things left undone that day. Things that did not go right, things that seemed okay at the time because we could not see the future. If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can’t know better until knowing better is useless. And as I walked back to give Takumi’s note to the Colonel, I saw that I would never know. I would never know her well enough to know her thoughts in those last minutes, would never know if she left us on purpose. But the not-knowing would not keep me from caring, and I would always love Alaska Young, my crooked neighbor, with all my crooked heart.-John Green,
People come, people go – they’ll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past.-Nicholas Sparks,
Sometimes the Bible in the hand of one man is worse than a whisky bottle in the hand of (another)... There are just some kind of men who - who're so busy worrying about the next world they've never learned to live in this one, and you can look down the street and see the results.-Harper Lee,
Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.-Voltaire
It's hard to enjoy practical jokes when your whole life feels like one.-Rick Riordan,
Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more.-Robert A. Heinlein,
Can you understand? Someone, somewhere, can you understand me a little, love me a little? For all my despair, for all my ideals, for all that - I love life. But it is hard, and I have so much - so very much to learn.-Sylvia Plath,
Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.-Dr. Seuss
It's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.-Nick Hornby
I read once that the ancient Egyptians had fifty words for sand & the Eskimos had a hundred words for snow. I wish I had a thousand words for love, but all that comes to mind is the way you move against me while you sleep & there are no words for that.-Brian Andreas,
Writing is like sex. First you do it for love, then you do it for your friends, and then you do it for money.-Virginia Woolf
We rip out so much of ourselves to be cured of things faster than we should that we go bankrupt by the age of thirty and have less to offer each time we start with someone new. But to feel nothing so as not to feel anything - what a waste!-Andre Aciman,
When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.-Margaret Walker
I cannot make you understand. I cannot make anyone understand what is happening inside me. I cannot even explain it to myself.-Franz Kafka,
The finest of pleasures are always the unexpected ones.-Erin Morgenstern,
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.-Robert Frost
You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.-Roy T. Bennett
