I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear.-Martin Luther King Jr.,
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.-Arthur Schopenhauer
There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.-Bertrand Russell
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.-Oscar Wilde
What's meant to be will always find a way-Trisha Yearwood
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.-Martin Luther King Jr.,
That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfeast cereals based on color instead of taste.-John Green,
Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.-George Bernard Shaw
It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.-Theodore Roosevelt
I think that if I ever have kids, and they are upset, I won't tell them that people are starving in China or anything like that because it wouldn't change the fact that they were upset. And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.-Stephen Chbosky,
Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt.-Cassandra Clare,
May I see you again?" he asked. There was an endearing nervousness in his voice.-John Green,
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.-Carl Sagan
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?" and the thundering voice of God answered, There's just something about you that pisses me off.-Stephen King,
Malachi scowled. "I don't remember the Clave inviting you into the Glass City, Magnus Bane."-Cassandra Clare,
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!-Friedrich Nietzsche
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.-Anais Nin
Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.-Ayn Rand,
Hearts are made to be broken.-Oscar Wilde,
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.-Martin Luther King Jr.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.-Walt Disney Company,
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.-Douglas Adams,
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.-John Greenleaf Whittier
I'm coming back into focus when Caesar asks him if he has a girlfriend back home. Peeta hesitates, then gives an unconvincing shake of his head.-Suzanne Collins,
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.-Jane Austen,
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.-Leo Tolstoy  ,
It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.-John Green,
The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly.-F. Scott Fitzgerald
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.-Lloyd Alexander
