Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.-Lewis Carroll,
Woke up this morning with a terrific urge to lie in bed all day and read.-Raymond Carver
Do you think I am an automaton? — a machine without feelings? and can bear to have my morsel of bread snatched from my lips, and my drop of living water dashed from my cup? Do you think, because I am poor, obscure, plain, and little, I am soulless and heartless? You think wrong! — I have as much soul as you — and full as much heart! And if God had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, I should have made it as hard for you to leave me, as it is now for me to leave you. I am not talking to you now through the medium of custom, conventionalities, nor even of mortal flesh: it is my spirit that addresses your spirit; just as if both had passed through the grave, and we stood at God's feet, equal — as we are!-Charlotte Brontë,
The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.-Ernest Hemingway,
Sometimes you make choices in life and sometimes choices make you.-Gayle Forman,
Ever had a flying burrito hit you? Well, it's a deadly projectile, right up there with cannonballs and grenades.-Rick Riordan,
You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope...I have loved none but you.-Jane Austen,
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.-James A. Baldwin
You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks, or even months over-analyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what could've, would've happened... or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move the fuck on.-Tupac Shakur
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.-Anais Nin,
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.-Benjamin Spock
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.-Roy T. Bennett,
Beauty is terror. Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it.-Donna Tartt,
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.-Roy T. Bennett,
I've got a stele we can use. Who wants to do me?"-Cassandra Clare,
It's all right to love someone who doesn't love you back, as long as they're worth you loving them. As long as they deserve it.-Cassandra Clare,
Words can be like X-rays if you use them properly – they’ll go through anything. You read and you’re pierced.-Aldous Huxley,
I may die young, but at least I'll die smart.-John Green,
Men always say that as the defining compliment, don’t they? She’s a cool girl. Being the Cool Girl means I am a hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and anal sex, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she’s hosting the world’s biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2, because Cool Girls are above all hot. Hot and understanding. Cool Girls never get angry; they only smile in a chagrined, loving manner and let their men do whatever they want. Go ahead, shit on me, I don’t mind, I’m the Cool Girl.-Gillian Flynn,
When love is not madness it is not love.-Pedro Calderon de la Barca
He must have known I'd want to leave you."-J.K. Rowling,
I don't want to repeat my innocence. I want the pleasure of losing it again.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
It's like everyone tells a story about themselves inside their own head. Always. All the time. That story makes you what you are. We build ourselves out of that story.-Patrick Rothfuss,
God has no religion.-Mahatma Gandhi
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.-Rabindranath Tagore,
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.-Roy T. Bennett,
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.-A.A. Milne,
You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts...but you cannot deny he's got style...-J.K. Rowling,
Don't talk to me."-J.K. Rowling,
Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the question when you are the answer.-Joseph Campbell
