There are no faster or firmer friendships than those formed between people who love the same books.-Irving Stone,
Because you are beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence-John Green,
I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers.-L. M. Montgomery,
Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine.-Honoré de Balzac
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.-Viktor E. Frankl,
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.-Malcolm X,
Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person's ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.-C.S. Lewis
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.-Rumi
Even death has a heart.-Markus Zusak,
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.-Plato
But a mermaid has no tears, and therefore she suffers so much more.-Hans Christian Andersen,
So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.-Dr. Seuss,
Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.-August Wilson
I can resist anything except temptation.-Oscar Wilde,
And still, after all this time,-Hafiz
What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful.-Scott Westerfeld,
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?-Rumi
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.-Ernest Hemingway
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.-George Orwell,
Maybe ever’body in the whole damn world is scared of each other.-John Steinbeck,
I do things like get in a taxi and say, "The library, and step on it.-David Foster Wallace,
Forget safety.-Rumi
Both Rowling and Meyer, they’re speaking directly to young people. … The real difference is that Jo Rowling is a terrific writer and Stephenie Meyer can’t write worth a darn. She’s not very good.-Stephen King
It is true that those we meet can change us, sometimes so profoundly that we are not the same afterwards, even unto our names.-Yann Martel,
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.-Roy T. Bennett,
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it.-J. M. Barrie,
As if you were on fire from within.-Pablo Neruda
No, I'm just a very naughty boy. I do all sorts of bad things. I kick kittens. I make rude gestures at nuns.-Cassandra Clare,
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.-Anais Nin
