This is the way the world ends-T.S. Eliot
You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.-Aldous Huxley
Books are not made to be believed, but to be subjected to inquiry. When we consider a book, we mustn't ask ourselves what it says but what it means...-Umberto Eco,
Honestly, if you were any slower, you’d be going backward.-J.K. Rowling,
They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite-Cassandra Clare,
We take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.-Cynthia Ozick
We're staying together," he promised. "You're not getting away from me. Never again.-Rick Riordan,
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.-Robert Orben
The trouble is not in dying for a friend, but in finding a friend worth dying for.-Mark Twain
Who, being loved, is poor?-Oscar Wilde
If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.-Jane Austen,
Do not be afraid; our fate-Dante Alighieri,
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.-Euripides,
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.-Emma Donoghue,
Open your heart. Someone will come. Someone will come for you. But first you must open your heart.-Kate DiCamillo,
I drink to make other people more interesting.-Hemingway, Ernest
Are you implying that shreds of my reputation remain intact?" Will demanded with mock horror. "Clearly I have been doing something wrong. Or not something wrong, as the case may be."-Cassandra Clare,
Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.-Orhan Pamuk,
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.-Dalai Lama XIV
The helpful thought for which you look-Edward Gorey
As it has been said:-Anne Sexton
Don't compromise yourself - you're all you have.-John Grisham,
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut-Albert Einstein
A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.-Hunter S. Thompson,
A house without books is like a room without windows.-Horace Mann
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.-Confucius
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.-Martin Luther King Jr.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.-Desmond Tutu
You are not your job, you're not how much money you have in the bank. You are not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet. You are not your fucking khakis. You are all singing, all dancing crap of the world.-Chuck Palahniuk,
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere!-Dr. Seuss,
