No medicine cures what happiness cannot.-Gabriel García Márquez
What is an "instant" death anyway? How long is an instant? Is it one second? Ten? The pain of those seconds must have been awful as her heart burst and her lungs collapsed and there was no air and no blood to her brain and only raw panic. What the hell is instant? Nothing is instant. Instant rice takes five minutes, instant pudding an hour. I doubt that an instant of blinding pain feels particularly instantaneous.-John Green,
Simplicity, patience, compassion.-Lao Tzu,
The most important things are the hardest to say. They are the things you get ashamed of, because words diminish them -- words shrink things that seemed limitless when they were in your head to no more than living size when they're brought out. But it's more than that, isn't it? The most important things lie too close to wherever your secret heart is buried, like landmarks to a treasure your enemies would love to steal away. And you may make revelations that cost you dearly only to have people look at you in a funny way, not understanding what you've said at all, or why you thought it was so important that you almost cried while you were saying it. That's the worst, I think. When the secret stays locked within not for want of a teller but for want of an understanding ear.-Stephen King
We’re all seeking that special person who is right for us. But if you’ve been through enough relationships, you begin to suspect there’s no right person, just different flavors of wrong. Why is this? Because you yourself are wrong in some way, and you seek out partners who are wrong in some complementary way. But it takes a lot of living to grow fully into your own wrongness. And it isn’t until you finally run up against your deepest demons, your unsolvable problems—the ones that make you truly who you are—that we’re ready to find a lifelong mate. Only then do you finally know what you’re looking for. You’re looking for the wrong person. But not just any wrong person: it's got to be the right wrong person—someone you lovingly gaze upon and think, This is the problem I want to have.-Andrew  Boyd,
Love conquers all," Aphrodite promised. "Look at Helen and Paris. Did they let anything come between them?"-Rick Riordan,
All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
What you seek is seeking you.-Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
The road to hell is paved with adverbs.-Stephen King,
Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!-Suzanne Collins,
Will looked horrified. "What kind of monster could possibly hate chocolate?-Cassandra Clare,
I cannot remember the books I've read any more than the meals I have eaten; even so, they have made me.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.-Edgar Allan Poe
People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for.-Harper Lee,
Let there be spaces in your togetherness, And let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music. Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping. For only the hand of Life can contain your hearts. And stand together, yet not too near together: For the pillars of the temple stand apart, And the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow.-Khalil Gibran,
Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace.-Oscar Wilde,
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.-Joan Crawford
The town was paper, but the memories were not.-John Green,
I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
To define is to limit.-Oscar Wilde,
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.-Mahatma Gandhi
because nerds like us are allowed to be unironically enthusiastic about stuff. Nerds are allowed to love stuff, like jump-up-and-down-in-the-chair-can’t-control-yourself love it. Hank, when people call people nerds, mostly what they’re saying is ‘you like stuff.’ Which is just not a good insult at all. Like, ‘you are too enthusiastic about the miracle of human consciousness’.-John Green
Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up-Veronica Roth,
You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed. "I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid-we know we're called Gred and Forge.-J.K. Rowling,
I am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass.-Cassandra Clare
Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming "Wow! What a Ride!-Hunter S. Thompson,
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.-Jack Kerouac
The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared.-Lois Lowry,
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.-Margaret Mitchell
Maybe 'okay' will be our 'always-John Green,
