When I was your age, television was called books.-William Goldman,
Lost love is still love. It takes a different form, that's all. You can't see their smile or bring them food or tousle their hair or move them around a dance floor. But when those senses weaken another heightens. Memory. Memory becomes your partner. You nurture it. You hold it. You dance with it.-Mitch Albom
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.-Yogi Berra,
And all the books you've read have been read by other people. And all the songs you've loved have been heard by other people. And that girl that's pretty to you is pretty to other people. and that if you looked at these facts when you were happy, you would feel great because you are describing 'unity.-Stephen Chbosky,
Boring damned people. All over the earth. Propagating more boring damned people. What a horror show. The earth swarmed with them.-Charles Bukowski
I cannot go to school today"-Shel Silverstein
If you don't know history, then you don't know anything. You are a leaf that doesn't know it is part of a tree.-Michael Crichton
Pretty women wonder where my secret lies.-Maya Angelou,
I like too many things and get all confused and hung-up running from one falling star to another till i drop. This is the night, what it does to you. I had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion.-Jack Kerouac
It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill.-Emilie Autumn,
What do you want?"-Cassandra Clare,
I like it when somebody gets excited about something. It's nice.-J.D. Salinger,
It's not always necessary to be strong, but to feel strong.-Jon Krakauer,
I've got the guts to die. What I want to know is, have you got the guts to live?-Tennessee Williams,
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.-James Baldwin
You're a painter. You're a baker. You like to sleep with the windows open. You never take sugar in your tea. And you always double-knot your shoelaces.-Suzanne Collins,
As a woman I have no country. As a woman I want no country. As a woman, my country is the whole world.-Virginia Woolf
...and then, I have nature and art and poetry, and if that is not enough, what is enough?-Vincent Willem van Gogh
You want to know about anybody? See what books they read, and how they've been read...-Keri Hulme,
There's things that happen in a person's life that are so scorched in the memory and burned into the heart that there's no forgetting them.-John Boyne
The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.-Peter Shaffer,
I've lived through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened.-Mark Twain
I must have loved you a lot.-Suzanne Collins,
The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.-J.K. Rowling,
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.-Robert Louis Stevenson,
There is a crack in everything.-Leonard Cohen,
It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known.-Charles Dickens,
I used to dream about escaping my ordinary life, but my life was never ordinary. I had simply failed to notice how extraordinary it was.-Ransom Riggs,
Sometimes, I feel the past and the future pressing so hard on either side that there's no room for the present at all.-Evelyn Waugh,
Very few of us are what we seem.-Agatha Christie,
