We came to see Jace. Is he alright?"-Cassandra Clare,
I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Mr. Moony presents his compliments to Professor Snape, and begs him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people's business.-J.K. Rowling,
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.-Aldous Huxley,
In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.-Mark Twain
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.-George Orwell,
Promise Yourself-Christian D. Larson,
For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.-Sam Levenson,
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.-Albert Camus
Don't think or judge, just listen.-Sarah Dessen,
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.-J.R.R. Tolkien
He can run faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo.-J.K. Rowling,
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.-Michael Cunningham,
Grief does not change you, Hazel. It reveals you.-John Green,
Libraries were full of ideas—perhaps the most dangerous and powerful of all weapons.-Sarah J. Maas,
Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor.-Suzanne Collins,
And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.-Haruki Murakami,
A good friend will always stab you in the front.-Oscar Wilde
And now I’m looking at you, he said, and you’re asking me if I still want you, as if I could stop loving you. As if I would want to give up the thing that makes me stronger than anything else ever has. I never dared give much of myself to anyone before – bits of myself to the Lightwoods, to Isabelle and Alec, but it took years to do it – but, Clary, since the first time I saw you, I have belonged to you completely. I still do. If you want me.-Cassandra Clare,
When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'.-Groucho Marx
May you live every day of your life.-Jonathan Swift
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.-Kurt Vonnegut
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry.-Terry Pratchett,
Whatever you are, be a good one.-Abraham Lincoln
For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much—the wheel, New York, wars and so on—whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man—for precisely the same reasons.-Douglas Adams,
I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.-Gilda Radner
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.-Plato
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.-Albert Einstein
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.-Oscar Levant
