No. I can survive well enough on my own— if given the proper reading material.-Sarah J. Maas,
Well, it seems to me that the best relationships - the ones that last - are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. You know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. Like a switch has been flicked somewhere. And the person who was just a friend is... suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with.-Gillian Anderson
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.-Albert Einstein
Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.-George R.R. Martin,
You do not have to be good.-Mary Oliver
Why are they all staring?" demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students.-J.K. Rowling,
All I ever wanted was to reach out and touch another human being not just with my hands but with my heart.-Tahereh Mafi,
If you like her, if she makes you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go.-Nicholas Sparks,
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.-Oscar Wilde,
Finnick?" I say, "Maybe some pants?"-Suzanne Collins,
The minute I heard my first love story,-Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi,
I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.-Lemony Snicket,
Enjoy it. Because it's happening.-Stephen Chbosky,
Can I help you with something?"-Cassandra Clare,
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.-Maya Angelou,
The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.-Chuck Palahniuk,
We know what we are, but not what we may be.-William Shakespeare
We live for books.-Umberto Eco
Only a true best friend can protect you from your immortal enemies.-Richelle Mead,
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.-Marcus Aurelius,
If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.-Albert Einstein
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
I am coming to terms with the fact that loving someone requires a leap of faith, and that a soft landing is never guaranteed.-Sarah Dessen,
A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.-Leonardo da Vinci
It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.-Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy
There is no surer foundation for a beautiful friendship than a mutual taste in literature.-P.G. Wodehouse
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.-G.K. Chesterton
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.-David Foster Wallace,
Knowing others is intelligence;-Lao Tzu,
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.-Allen Ginsberg
