Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.-Ayn Rand
Dreams like a podcast,-Rick Riordan
The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back. That's part of what it means to be alive. But inside our heads - at least that's where I imagine it - there's a little room where we store those memories. A room like the stacks in this library. And to understand the workings of our own heart we have to keep on making new reference cards. We have to dust things off every once in awhile, let in fresh air, change the water in the flower vases. In other words, you'll live forever in your own private library.-Haruki Murakami,
All alone! Whether you like it or not, alone is something you'll be quite a lot!-Dr. Seuss,
That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.-Christopher Hitchens
I do not think, sir, you have any right to command me, merely because you are older than I, or because you have seen more of the world than I have; your claim to superiority depends on the use you have made of your time and experience.-Charlotte Brontë,
A snowball in the face is surely the perfect beginning to a lasting friendship.-Markus Zusak,
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.-Joseph Heller,
But it is the nature of stars to cross, and never was Shakespeare more wrong than when he has Cassius note, ‘The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars / But in ourselves.-John Green,
Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die.-Herbert Hoover
And thus the heart will break, yet brokenly live on.-George Gordon Byron
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.-Dorothy Parker
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.-Jim Morrison
Beautiful face. Beautiful body. Horrible attitude. It was the holy trinity of hot boys.-Jennifer L. Armentrout,
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.-Coco Chanel
Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning...-C.S. Lewis
God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself because there is no such thing.-C.S. Lewis
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.-Mark Twain
Without suffering, there'd be no compassion.-Nicholas Sparks,
Politeness is deception in pretty packaging.-Veronica Roth,
Is there no way out of the mind?-Sylvia Plath
The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind.-H. P. Lovecraft
Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens.-Carlos Ruiz Zafón,
No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.-François de La Rochefoucauld
Families are messy. Immortal families are eternally messy. Sometimes the best we can do is to remind each other that we're related for better or for worse...and try to keep the maiming and killing to a minimum.-Rick Riordan,
The truth is what I make it. I could set this world on fire and call it rain.-Victoria Aveyard,
If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.-Steve Maraboli,
There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal, picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain.-Audrey Hepburn
I may not have been sure about what really did interest me, but I was absolutely sure about what didn't.-Albert Camus,
