The course of true love never did run smooth; But, either it was different in blood,-William Shakespeare,
Fire-breathing bitch-queen.-Sarah J. Maas,
If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.-Emily Dickinson
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.-W.E.B. DuBois
Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.-Aldous Huxley
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.-Maya Angelou
Good sex is like good bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.-Mae West
Talking to a drunk person was like talking to an extremely happy, severely brain-damaged three-year-old.-John Green,
Sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.-Marilyn Monroe
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.-Walt Disney
God alert!" Blackjack yelled. "It's the wine dude!-Rick Riordan,
Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.-Zig Ziglar,
Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.-Anais Nin
No good deed goes unpunished.-Oscar Wilde
What is straight? A line can be straight, or a street, but the human heart, oh, no, it's curved like a road through mountains.-Tennessee Williams,
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.-Elizabeth Barrett Browning
There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
Imagination is like a muscle. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got.-Philip José Farmer
And Lot's wife, of course, was told not to look back where all those people and their homes had been. But she did look back, and I love her for that, because it was so human. So she was turned into a pillar of salt. So it goes.-Kurt Vonnegut,
District 12: Where you can starve to death in safety.-Suzanne Collins,
Love is like a tree: it grows by itself, roots itself deeply in our being and continues to flourish over a heart in ruin. The inexplicable fact is that the blinder it is, the more tenacious it is. It is never stronger than when it is completely unreasonable.-Victor Hugo,
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.-Terry Pratchett,
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.-Margaret Mitchell
There's a bluebird in my heart that wants to get out-Charles Bukowski
Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.-G.K. Chesterton
He allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.-Gabriel García Márquez,
Too many of us are hung up on what we don't have, can't have, or won't ever have. We spend too much energy being down, when we could use that same energy – if not less of it – doing, or at least trying to do, some of the things we really want to do.-Terry McMillan ,
Without you in my arms, I feel an emptiness in my soul. I find myself searching the crowds for your face - I know it's an impossibility, but I cannot help myself.-Nicholas Sparks,
When someone you love dies, and you're not expecting it, you don't lose her all at once; you lose her in pieces over a long time—the way the mail stops coming, and her scent fades from the pillows and even from the clothes in her closet and drawers. Gradually, you accumulate the parts of her that are gone. Just when the day comes—when there's a particular missing part that overwhelms you with the feeling that she's gone, forever—there comes another day, and another specifically missing part.-John Irving,
The unfed mind devours itself.-Gore Vidal
