Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.-Terry Pratchett,
Is this the part where you start tearing off strips of your shirt to bind my wounds?"-Cassandra Clare,
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.-George R.R. Martin,
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.-Mahatma Gandhi
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.-Mark Twain
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four people is suffering from a mental illness. Look at your 3 best friends. If they're ok, then it's you.-Rita Mae Brown
Well-behaved women seldom make history.-Laurel Thatcher Ulrich,
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.-Sarah Dessen,
If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.-C.S. Lewis
I don't want to be a man," said Jace. "I want to be an angst-ridden teenager who can't confront his own inner demons and takes it out verbally on other people instead."-Cassandra Clare,
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.-Paulo Coelho,
Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind.-Virginia Woolf,
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.-F. Scott Fitzgerald,
Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade since it consists principally of dealings with men.-Joseph Conrad,
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.-Leo Tolstoy
We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.-J.K. Rowling,
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.-J.R.R. Tolkien,
The Road Not Taken-Robert Frost
In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.-Jane Austen,
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.-Roald Dahl
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.-Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.-Emily Brontë,
The world is not a wish-granting factory.-John Green,
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.-Mahatma Gandhi
There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.-Stephen Chbosky,
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.-Marlene Dietrich
Becoming fearless isn't the point. That's impossible. It's learning how to control your fear, and how to be free from it.-Veronica Roth,
I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun.-Suzanne Collins,
Let me tell you this: if you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.-Jodi Picoult,
It's far better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone — so far.-Marilyn Monroe
