Mom says it's because she has PMS.-Nicholas Sparks,
Some things don't last forever, but some things do. Like a good song, or a good book, or a good memory you can take out and unfold in your darkest times, pressing down on the corners and peering in close, hoping you still recognize the person you see there.-Sarah Dessen,
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived. I did not wish to live what was not life, living is so dear; nor did I wish to practise resignation, unless it was quite necessary. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life, to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life, to cut a broad swath and shave close, to drive life into a corner, and reduce it to its lowest terms...-Henry David Thoreau
The Guide says there is an art to flying", said Ford, "or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.-Douglas Adams,
Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?"-Lewis Carroll,
I’d said it before and meant it: Alive or undead, the love of my life was a badass.-Richelle Mead,
A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.-Robert Frost
True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.-Nicholas Sparks,
The silence depressed me. It wasn't the silence of silence. It was my own silence.-Sylvia Plath,
There are no facts, only interpretations.-Friedrich Nietzsche
Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them.-A.A. Milne
If you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all.-John Green,
I suspect the truth is that we are waiting, all of us, against insurmountable odds, for something extraordinary to happen to us.-Khaled Hosseini,
He is half of my soul, as the poets say.-Madeline Miller,
Why is it," he said, one time, at the subway entrance, "I feel I've known you so many years?"-Ray Bradbury,
Among other things, you'll find that you're not the first person who was ever confused and frightened and even sickened by human behavior. You're by no means alone on that score, you'll be excited and stimulated to know. Many, many men have been just as troubled morally and spiritually as you are right now. Happily, some of them kept records of their troubles. You'll learn from them—if you want to. Just as someday, if you have something to offer, someone will learn something from you. It's a beautiful reciprocal arrangement. And it isn't education. It's history. It's poetry.-J.D. Salinger,
I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between.-Sylvia Plath,
Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like. It was only ever yours to break anyway.-Kiera Cass,
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.-G.K. Chesterton,
Declarations of love amuse me. Especially when unrequited.-Cassandra Clare,
I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions. I want to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.-Oscar Wilde,
People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters.-Cassandra Clare,
I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.-Nicholas Sparks
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.-Victor Hugo,
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.-Max Lucado
In the darkness, two shadows, reaching through the hopeless, heavy dusk. Their hands meet, and light spills in a flood like a hundred golden urns pouring out of the sun.-Madeline Miller,
but for my own part, if a book is well written, I always find it too short.-Jane Austen
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.-Lance Armstrong Sally Jenkins,
Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right.-J.K. Rowling,
Music is a total constant. That's why we have such a strong visceral connection to it, you know? Because a song can take you back instantly to a moment, or a place, or even a person. No matter what else has changed in your or the world, that one song says the same, just like that moment.-Sarah Dessen,
